666,"Vivillon","Meadow Pattern_y","The patterns on this Pokémon’s wings depend on the climate and topography of its habitat. It scatters colorful scales.","Meadow Pattern_x","Vivillon with many different patterns are found all over the world. These patterns are affected by the climate of their habitat.","Continental Pattern_y","The patterns on this Pokémon’s wings depend on the climate and topography of its habitat. It scatters colorful scales.","Continental Pattern_x","Vivillon with many different patterns are found all over the world. These patterns are affected by the climate of their habitat.","Garden Pattern_y","The patterns on this Pokémon’s wings depend on the climate and topography of its habitat. It scatters colorful scales.","Garden Pattern_x","Vivillon with many different patterns are found all over the world. These patterns are affected by the climate of their habitat.","Elegant Pattern_y","The patterns on this Pokémon’s wings depend on the climate and topography of its habitat. It scatters colorful scales.","Elegant Pattern_x","Vivillon with many different patterns are found all over the world. These patterns are affected by the climate of their habitat.","Marine Pattern_y","The patterns on this Pokémon’s wings depend on the climate and topography of its habitat. It scatters colorful scales.","Marine Pattern_x","Vivillon with many different patterns are found all over the world. These patterns are affected by the climate of their habitat.","River Pattern_y","The patterns on this Pokémon’s wings depend on the climate and topography of its habitat. It scatters colorful scales.","River Pattern_x","Vivillon with many different patterns are found all over the world. These patterns are affected by the climate of their habitat.","High-Plains Pattern_y","The patterns on this Pokémon’s wings depend on the climate and topography of its habitat. It scatters colorful scales.","High-Plains Pattern_x","Vivillon with many different patterns are found all over the world. These patterns are affected by the climate of their habitat.",
