666,"Vivillon","Meadow Pattern","y","The patterns on this Pokémon’s wings depend on the climate and topography of its habitat. It scatters colorful scales.","Meadow Pattern","x","Vivillon with many different patterns are found all over the world. These patterns are affected by the climate of their habitat.","Continental Pattern","y","The patterns on this Pokémon’s wings depend on the climate and topography of its habitat. It scatters colorful scales.","Continental Pattern","x","Vivillon with many different patterns are found all over the world. These patterns are affected by the climate of their habitat.","Garden Pattern","y","The patterns on this Pokémon’s wings depend on the climate and topography of its habitat. It scatters colorful scales.","Garden Pattern","x","Vivillon with many different patterns are found all over the world. These patterns are affected by the climate of their habitat.","Elegant Pattern","y","The patterns on this Pokémon’s wings depend on the climate and topography of its habitat. It scatters colorful scales.","Elegant Pattern","x","Vivillon with many different patterns are found all over the world. These patterns are affected by the climate of their habitat.","Marine Pattern","y","The patterns on this Pokémon’s wings depend on the climate and topography of its habitat. It scatters colorful scales.","Marine Pattern","x","Vivillon with many different patterns are found all over the world. These patterns are affected by the climate of their habitat.","River Pattern","y","The patterns on this Pokémon’s wings depend on the climate and topography of its habitat. It scatters colorful scales.","River Pattern","x","Vivillon with many different patterns are found all over the world. These patterns are affected by the climate of their habitat.","High-Plains Pattern","y","The patterns on this Pokémon’s wings depend on the climate and topography of its habitat. It scatters colorful scales.","High-Plains Pattern","x","Vivillon with many different patterns are found all over the world. These patterns are affected by the climate of their habitat.",
