~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Text File : zukan_comment_A
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

There is a plant seed on its back right from the day this Pokémon is born. The seed slowly grows larger.
When the bulb on its back grows large, it appears to lose the ability to stand on its hind legs.
Its plant blooms when it is absorbing solar energy. It stays on the move to seek sunlight.
It has a preference for hot things. When it rains, steam is said to spout from the tip of its tail.
It has a barbaric nature. In battle, it whips its fiery tail around and slashes away with sharp claws.
It spits fire that is hot enough to melt boulders. It may cause forest fires by blowing flames.
When it retracts its long neck into its shell, it squirts out water with vigorous force.
It is recognized as a symbol of longevity. If its shell has algae on it, that Wartortle is very old.
It crushes its foe under its heavy body to cause fainting. In a pinch, it will withdraw inside its shell.
For protection, it releases a horrible stench from the antenna on its head to drive away enemies.
It is waiting for the moment to evolve. At this stage, it can only harden, so it remains motionless to avoid attack.
In battle, it flaps its wings at great speed to release highly toxic dust into the air.












Pikachu that can generate powerful electricity have cheek sacs that are extra soft and super stretchy.
Its long tail serves as a ground to protect itself from its own high-voltage power.








It is said that happiness will come to those who see a gathering of Clefairy dancing under a full moon.
A timid fairy Pokémon that is rarely seen, it will run and hide the moment it senses people.
While young, it has six gorgeous tails. When it grows, several new tails are sprouted.
It is said to live 1,000 years, and each of its tails is loaded with supernatural powers.




If exposed to moonlight, it starts to move. It roams far and wide at night to scatter its seeds.
Its pistils exude an incredibly foul odor. The horrid stench can cause fainting at a distance of 1.25 miles.
It has the world’s largest petals. With every step, the petals shake out heavy clouds of toxic pollen.




If a Diglett digs through a field, it leaves the soil perfectly tilled and ideal for planting crops.
A team of Diglett triplets. It triggers huge earthquakes by burrowing 60 miles underground.
It loves to collect shiny things. If it’s in a good mood, it might even let its Trainer have a look at its hoard of treasures.
Getting this prideful Pokémon to warm up to you takes a lot of effort, and it will claw at you the moment it gets annoyed.




It has a brave and trustworthy nature. It fearlessly stands up to bigger and stronger foes.
The sight of it running over 6,200 miles in a single day and night has captivated many people.






Its whole body is composed of muscles. Even though it’s the size of a human child, it can hurl 100 grown-ups.
Its muscular body is so powerful, it must wear a power-save belt to be able to regulate its motions.
It quickly swings its four arms to rock its opponents with ceaseless punches and chops from all angles.








It can’t run properly when it’s newly born. As it races around with others of its kind, its legs grow stronger.
This Pokémon can be seen galloping through fields at speeds of up to 150 mph, its fiery mane fluttering in the wind.




The stalk this Pokémon carries in its wings serves as a sword to cut down opponents. In a dire situation, the stalk can also serve as food.






It swims facing backward by opening and closing its two-piece shell. It is surprisingly fast.
Its shell is extremely hard. It cannot be shattered, even with a bomb. The shell opens only when it is attacking.
Born from gases, anyone would faint if engulfed by its gaseous body, which contains poison.
Its tongue is made of gas. If licked, its victim starts shaking constantly until death eventually comes.
On the night of a full moon, if shadows move on their own and laugh, it must be Gengar’s doing.
As it digs through the ground, it absorbs many hard objects. This is what makes its body so solid.


It can be found near the sea. The large pincers grow back if they are torn out of their sockets.
Its large and hard pincer has 10,000-horsepower strength. However, being so big, it is unwieldy to move.






This amazing Pokémon has an awesome sense of balance. It can kick in succession from any position.
Its punches slice the air. They are launched at such high speed, even a slight graze could cause a burn.

Its body is full of poisonous gas. It floats into garbage dumps, seeking out the fumes of raw, rotting trash.
It mixes gases between its two bodies. It’s said that these Pokémon were seen all over the Galar region back in the day.
Strong, but not too bright, this Pokémon can shatter even a skyscraper with its charging tackles.
It begins walking on its hind legs after evolution. It can punch holes through boulders with its horn.





Its dorsal, pectoral, and tail fins wave elegantly in water. That is why it is known as the Water Dancer.
In autumn, its body becomes more fatty in preparing to propose to a mate. It takes on beautiful colors.


The broadness of its hands may be no coincidence—many scientists believe its palms became enlarged specifically for pantomiming.






It is virtually worthless in terms of both power and speed. It is the most weak and pathetic Pokémon in the world.
It has an extremely aggressive nature. The Hyper Beam it shoots from its mouth totally incinerates all targets.
A smart and kindhearted Pokémon, it glides across the surface of the sea while its beautiful song echoes around it.
It can reconstitute its entire cellular structure to change into what it sees, but it returns to normal when it relaxes.
It has the ability to alter the composition of its body to suit its surrounding environment.
When Vaporeon’s fins begin to vibrate, it is a sign that rain will come within a few hours.
If it is angered or startled, the fur all over its body bristles like sharp needles that pierce foes.
Once it has stored up enough heat, this Pokémon’s body temperature can reach up to 1,700 degrees Fahrenheit.






It is not satisfied unless it eats over 880 pounds of food every day. When it is done eating, it goes promptly to sleep.






Created from the DNA of Mew, this Pokémon is a dangerous combination of overwhelming power and a savage heart.
It’s very intelligent and can use an incredible variety of moves. Many believe that all other Pokémon are descendants of this one.











It always stands on one foot. It changes feet so fast, the movement can rarely be seen.
Its eyes are specially developed to enable it to see clearly even in murky darkness and minimal light.





Its antennae, which evolved from a fin, have both positive and negative charges flowing through them.
The light it emits is so bright that it can illuminate the sea’s surface from a depth of over three miles.
Despite its small size, it can zap even adult humans. However, if it does so, it also surprises itself.
According to local rumors, Cleffa are often seen in places where shooting stars have fallen.

The shell seems to be filled with joy. It is said that it will share good luck when treated kindly.
They say that it will appear before kindhearted, caring people and shower them with happiness.
It is extremely good at climbing tree trunks and likes to eat the new sprouts on the trees.
They say that it stays still and quiet because it is seeing both the past and future at the same time.



Plentiful in the tropics. When it dances, its petals rub together and make a pleasant ringing sound.


If a tree branch shakes when there is no wind, it’s a Sudowoodo, not a tree. It hides from the rain.








This Pokémon lives in cold water. It will leave the water to search for food when it gets cold outside.
It has an easygoing nature. It doesn’t care if it bumps its head on boats and boulders while swimming.
By reading air currents, it can predict things such as the weather or its foe’s next move.
When this Pokémon becomes angry, its pores secrete a poisonous sweat, which it sprays at its opponent’s eyes.




It hates light and shock. If attacked, it inflates its body to pump up its counterstrike.





It is said that if an Onix lives for over 100 years, its composition changes to become diamond-like.


When faced with a larger opponent, it swallows as much water as it can to match the opponent’s size.

It stores berries inside its shell. To avoid attacks, it hides beneath rocks and remains completely still.

Its paws conceal sharp claws. If attacked, it suddenly extends the claws and startles its enemy.




It rubs its snout on the ground to find and dig up food. It sometimes discovers hot springs.
If it charges at an enemy, the hairs on its back stand up straight. It is very sensitive to sound.
It will regrow any branches that break off its head. People keep particularly beautiful Corsola branches as charms to promote safe childbirth.
The water they shoot from their mouths can hit moving prey from more than 300 feet away.
It has a tendency to want to be in holes. It prefers rock crags or pots and sprays ink from them before attacking.
It carries food all day long. There are tales about lost people who were saved by the food it had.
If it builds up enough speed swimming, it can jump out above the waves and glide for over 300 feet.









It is always bursting with energy. To make itself stronger, it keeps on fighting even if it loses.
It launches kicks while spinning. If it spins at high speed, it may bore its way into the ground.








Born deep underground, it comes aboveground and becomes a pupa once it has finished eating the surrounding soil.
Even sealed in its shell, it can move freely. Hard and fast, it has outstanding destructive power.
Its body can’t be harmed by any sort of attack, so it is very eager to make challenges against enemies.


This Pokémon has the ability to move through time. Records describing it as a forest deity can be found from many different eras.











It marks its territory by rubbing its bristly fur on trees. This variety of Zigzagoon is friendlier and calmer than the kind native to Galar.
Its fur is strong and supple. Shaving brushes made with shed Linoone hairs are highly prized.





It searches about for clean water. If it does not drink water for too long, the leaf on its head wilts.
It is nocturnal and becomes active at nightfall. It feeds on aquatic mosses that grow in the riverbed.
The rhythm of bright, festive music activates Ludicolo’s cells, making it more powerful.
If it remains still, it looks just like a real nut. It delights in surprising foraging Pokémon.
It lives deep in forests. With the leaf on its head, it makes a flute whose song makes listeners uneasy.
A Pokémon that was feared as a forest guardian. It can read the foe’s mind and take preemptive action.


It makes its nest on sheer cliffs. Riding the sea breeze, it glides up into the expansive skies.
It is a messenger of the skies, carrying small Pokémon and eggs to safety in its bill.
It is highly attuned to the emotions of people and Pokémon. It hides if it senses hostility.
If its Trainer becomes happy, it overflows with energy, dancing joyously while spinning about.
It has the power to predict the future. Its power peaks when it is protecting its Trainer.







Because it lived almost entirely underground, it is nearly blind. It uses its antennae instead.
Its cry leaves a lasting headache if heard for too long. It moves so quickly that it is almost invisible.
A most peculiar Pokémon that somehow appears in a Poké Ball when a Nincada evolves.









This Pokémon is feared. When its gemstone eyes begin to glow with a sinister shine, it’s believed that Sableye will steal people’s spirits away.
It uses its docile-looking face to lull foes into complacency, then bites with its huge, relentless jaws.





It stores static electricity in its fur for discharging. It gives off sparks if a storm approaches.
It stimulates its own muscles with electricity, so it can move quickly. It eases its soreness with electricity, too, so it can recover quickly as well.




Its flowers give off a relaxing fragrance. The stronger its aroma, the healthier the Roselia is.




It shows off by spraying jets of seawater from the nostrils above its eyes. It eats a solid ton of Wishiwashi every day.
It can sometimes knock out opponents with the shock created by breaching and crashing its big body onto the water.


It burns coal inside its shell for energy. It blows out black soot if it is endangered.



Its nest is a sloped, bowl-like pit in the desert. Once something has fallen in, there is no escape.
The ultrasonic waves it generates by rubbing its two wings together cause severe headaches.
This Pokémon hides in the heart of sandstorms it creates and seldom appears where people can see it.






The phase of the moon apparently has some effect on its power. It’s active on the night of a full moon.
When it rotates itself, it gives off light similar to the sun, thus blinding its foes.
Its slimy body is hard to grasp. In one region, it is said to have been born from hardened mud.
It makes its nest at the bottom of swamps. It will eat anything—if it is alive, Whiscash will eat it.
No matter how dirty the water in the river, it will adapt and thrive. It has a strong will to survive.
A rough customer that wildly flails its giant claws. It is said to be extremely hard to raise.
It moves while spinning around on its single foot. Some Baltoy have been seen spinning on their heads.
This mysterious Pokémon started life as an ancient clay figurine made over 20,000 years ago.




Although unattractive and unpopular, this Pokémon’s marvelous vitality has made it a subject of research.
Milotic has provided inspiration to many artists. It has even been referred to as the most beautiful Pokémon of all.




If it finds bad children who won’t listen to their parents, it will spirit them away—or so it’s said.
Its body is entirely hollow. When it opens its mouth, it sucks everything in as if it were a black hole.



It tends to move in a pack. Individuals squash against one another to toughen their spirits.
It’s said that if they are seen at midnight, they’ll cause heavy snow. They eat snow and ice to survive.
It has a body of ice that won’t melt, even with fire. It can instantly freeze moisture in the atmosphere.






















Once every 1,000 years, the singing of a pure voice will rouse this Pokémon from its near- perpetual slumber. It wakes for only seven days.




















The pollen it releases contains poison. If this Pokémon is raised on clean water, the poison’s toxicity is increased.
After captivating opponents with its sweet scent, it lashes them with its thorny whips.







The members of the trio spend all their time together. Each one has a slightly different taste in nectar.
It skillfully commands its grubs in battles with its enemies. The grubs are willing to risk their lives to defend Vespiquen.



It nimbly dashes about to avoid getting pecked by bird Pokémon that would love to make off with its small, nutrient-rich storage ball.
As a bud, it barely moves. It sits still, placidly waiting for sunlight to appear.
This Pokémon’s habitat shapes its physique. According to some theories, life in warm ocean waters causes this variation to develop.
Its search for food sometimes leads it onto land, where it leaves behind a sticky trail of slime as it passes through.

Perhaps seeking company, it approaches children. However, it often quickly runs away again when the children play too roughly with it.
Some say this Pokémon is a collection of souls burdened with regrets, silently drifting through the dusk.







From its rear, it sprays a foul-smelling liquid at opponents. It aims for their faces, and it can hit them from over 16 feet away.
In its belly, it reserves stinky fluid that it shoots from its tail during battle. As this Pokémon’s diet varies, so does the stench of its fluid.
It appears in ancient ruins. The pattern on its body doesn’t come from any culture in the Galar region, so it remains shrouded in mystery.
Some believe it to be a deity that summons rain clouds. When angered, it lets out a warning cry that rings out like the tolling of a bell.
It expels both sweat and tears from its eyes. The sweat is a little salty, while the tears have a slight bitterness.
It mimics everyone it sees, but it puts extra effort into copying the graceful dance steps of Mr. Rime as practice.






Stuffing itself with vast amounts of food is its only concern. Whether the food is rotten or fresh, yummy or tasteless—it does not care.
It’s exceedingly energetic, with enough stamina to keep running all through the night. Taking it for walks can be a challenging experience.
It controls waves known as auras, which are powerful enough to pulverize huge rocks. It uses these waves to take down its prey.
It moves through the sands with its mouth open, swallowing sand along with its prey. It gets rid of the sand by spouting it from its nose.
Stones can get stuck in the ports on their bodies. Dwebble help dislodge such stones, so Hippowdon look after these Pokémon.
After burrowing into the sand, it waits patiently for prey to come near. This Pokémon and Sizzlipede share common descent.
Its poison is potent, but it rarely sees use. This Pokémon prefers to use physical force instead, going on rampages with its car-crushing strength.
It makes frightening noises with its poison-filled cheek sacs. When opponents flinch, Croagunk hits them with a poison jab.
It bounces toward opponents and gouges them with poisonous claws. No more than a scratch is needed to knock out its adversaries.



Mantyke living in Galar seem to be somewhat sluggish. The colder waters of the seas in this region may be the cause.
It lives on snowy mountains. It sinks its legs into the snow to absorb water and keep its own temperature down.
If it sees any packs of Darumaka going after Snover, it chases them off, swinging its sizable arms like hammers.
They attack their quarry in packs. Prey as large as Mamoswine easily fall to the teamwork of a group of Weavile.


It can load up to three projectiles per arm into the holes in its hands. What launches out of those holes could be either rocks or Roggenrola.



These Pokémon are never seen anywhere near conflict or turmoil. In recent times, they’ve hardly been seen at all.

Galarians favor the distinctive aroma that drifts from this Pokémon’s leaves. There’s a popular perfume made using that scent.
Any who become captivated by the beauty of the snowfall that Glaceon creates will be frozen before they know it.

This Pokémon can be spotted in wall paintings from as far back as 10,000 years ago. For a while, it was thought to have gone extinct.

True to its honorable-warrior image, it uses the blades on its elbows only in defense of something or someone.

At the bidding of transmissions from the spirit world, it steals people and Pokémon away. No one knows whether it has a will of its own.
After a woman met her end on a snowy mountain, her regrets lingered on. From them, this Pokémon was born. Its favorite food is frozen souls.
One boy’s invention led to the development of many different machines that take advantage of Rotom’s unique capabilities.





























It steals things from people just to amuse itself with their frustration. A rivalry exists between this Pokémon and Nickit.
Don’t be fooled by its gorgeous fur and elegant figure. This is a moody and vicious Pokémon.






Late at night, it appears beside people’s pillows. As it feeds on dreams, the patterns on its body give off a faint glow.
When dark mists emanate from its body, don’t get too near. If you do, your nightmares will become reality.
Where people go, these Pokémon follow. If you’re scattering food for them, be careful— several hundred of them can gather at once.
It can fly moderately quickly. No matter how far it travels, it can always find its way back to its master and its nest.
Unfezant are exceptional fliers. The females are known for their stamina, while the males outclass them in terms of speed.


It’s as hard as steel, but apparently a long soak in water will cause it to soften a bit.
If you see its orange crystals start to glow, be wary. It’s about to fire off bursts of energy.
This hardy Pokémon can often be found on construction sites and in mines, working alongside people and Copperajah.
While inside a cave, if you look up and see lots of heart-shaped marks lining the walls, it’s evidence that Woobat live there.
Emitting powerful sound waves tires it out. Afterward, it won’t be able to fly for a little while.
It brings its claws together and whirls around at high speed before rushing toward its prey.
It’s not uncommon for tunnels that appear to have formed naturally to actually be a result of Excadrill’s rampant digging.

It loves helping out with construction projects. It loves it so much that if rain causes work to halt, it swings its log around and throws a tantrum.
It shows off its muscles to Machoke and other Gurdurr. If it fails to measure up to the other Pokémon, it lies low for a little while.
Concrete mixed by Conkeldurr is much more durable than normal concrete, even when the compositions of the two materials are the same.
Graceful ripples running across the water’s surface are a sure sign that Tympole are singing in high-pitched voices below.
It weakens its prey with sound waves intense enough to cause headaches, then entangles them with its sticky tongue.
The vibrating of the bumps all over its body causes earthquake-like tremors. Seismitoad and Croagunk are similar species.
It performs throwing moves with first-rate skill. Over the course of many battles, Throh’s belt grows darker as it absorbs its wearer’s sweat.
If you see a Sawk training in the mountains in its single-minded pursuit of strength, it’s best to quietly pass by.






It shoots cotton from its body to protect itself. If it gets caught up in hurricane-strength winds, it can get sent to the other side of the Earth.
It scatters cotton all over the place as a prank. If it gets wet, it’ll become too heavy to move and have no choice but to answer for its mischief.


Anglers love the fight this Pokémon puts up on the hook. And there are always more to catch— many people release them into lakes illicitly.



It derives its power from fire burning inside its body. If the fire dwindles, this Pokémon will immediately fall asleep.
The thick arms of this hot-blooded Pokémon can deliver punches capable of obliterating a dump truck.
With noises that could be mistaken for the rattles of maracas, it creates an upbeat rhythm, startling bird Pokémon and making them fly off in a hurry.
When it finds a stone appealing, it creates a hole inside it and uses it as its home. This Pokémon is the natural enemy of Roggenrola and Rolycoly.
This highly territorial Pokémon prefers dry climates. It won’t come out of its boulder on rainy days.
If it locks eyes with you, watch out! Nothing and no one is safe from the reckless headbutts of this troublesome Pokémon.
As halfhearted as this Pokémon’s kicks may seem, they pack enough power to shatter Conkeldurr’s concrete pillars.
Psychic power allows these Pokémon to fly. Some say they were the guardians of an ancient city. Others say they were the guardians’ emissaries.
It wanders through ruins by night, carrying a mask that’s said to have been the face it had when it was still human.
This Pokémon has a body of sparkling gold. People say it no longer remembers that it was once human.




Its favorite places are unsanitary ones. If you leave trash lying around, you could even find one of these Pokémon living in your room.
This Pokémon eats trash, which turns into poison inside its body. The main component of the poison depends on what sort of trash was eaten.


The way it brushes away grime with its tail can be helpful when cleaning. But its focus on spotlessness can make cleaning more of a hassle.
Its body secretes oil that this Pokémon spreads over its nest as a coating to protect it from dust. Cinccino won’t tolerate even a speck of the stuff.
Though they’re still only babies, there’s psychic power stored in their ribbonlike feelers, and sometimes they use that power to fight.
It’s said that when stars shine in the night sky, this Pokémon will spirit away sleeping children. Some call it the Witch of Punishment.
It has tremendous psychic power, but it dislikes conflict. It’s also able to predict the future based on the movement of the stars.
It communicates with others telepathically. Its body is encapsulated in liquid, but if it takes a heavy blow, the liquid will leak out.
Its psychic power can supposedly cover a range of more than half a mile—but only if its two brains can agree with each other.
While it could use its psychic abilities in battle, this Pokémon prefers to swing its powerful arms around to beat opponents into submission.


Unable to survive in hot areas, it makes itself comfortable by breathing out air cold enough to cause snow. It burrows into the snow to sleep.
By drinking pure water, it grows its icy body. This Pokémon can be hard to find on days with warm, sunny weather.
When its anger reaches a breaking point, this Pokémon unleashes a fierce blizzard that freezes every creature around it, be they friend or foe.



Its strange physiology reacts to electrical energy in interesting ways. The presence of a Shelmet will cause this Pokémon to evolve.
They use shells they’ve stolen from Shelmet to arm and protect themselves. They’re very popular Pokémon in the Galar region.


It envelops its prey in its veillike arms and draws it down to the deeps, five miles below the ocean’s surface.
Most of this Pokémon’s body composition is identical to sea water. It makes sunken ships its lair.

Joltik can be found clinging to other Pokémon. It’s soaking up static electricity because it can’t produce a charge on its own.
It launches electrified fur from its abdomen as its means of attack. Opponents hit by the fur could be in for three full days and nights of paralysis.
It defends itself by launching spikes, but its aim isn’t very good at first. Only after a lot of practice will it improve.
This Pokémon scrapes its spikes across rocks, and then uses the tips of its feelers to absorb the nutrients it finds within the stone.
The two minigears that compose this Pokémon are closer than twins. They mesh well only with each other.
When Klang goes all out, the minigear links up perfectly with the outer part of the big gear, and this Pokémon’s rotation speed increases sharply.
From its spikes, it launches powerful blasts of electricity. Its red core contains an enormous amount of energy.



If this Pokémon stands near a TV, strange scenery will appear on the screen. That scenery is said to be from its home.
Whenever a Beheeyem visits a farm, a Dubwool mysteriously disappears.
The flame on its head keeps its body slightly warm. This Pokémon takes lost children by the hand to guide them to the spirit world.
This Pokémon appears just before someone passes away, so it’s feared as an emissary of death.
This Pokémon haunts dilapidated mansions. It sways its arms to hypnotize opponents with the ominous dancing of its flames.
These Pokémon nest in the ground and use their tusks to crush hard berries. Crushing berries is also how they test each other’s strength.
After battle, this Pokémon carefully sharpens its tusks on river rocks. It needs to take care of its tusks—if one breaks, it will never grow back.
Its resilient tusks are its pride and joy. It licks up dirt to take in the minerals it needs to keep its tusks in top condition.
When this Pokémon is in good health, its snot becomes thicker and stickier. It will smear its snot on anyone it doesn’t like.
It swims through frigid seas, searching for prey. From its frozen breath, it forms icy fangs that are harder than steel.

When attacked, it tightly shuts the lid of its shell. This reaction fails to protect it from Karrablast, however, because they can still get into the shell.
It moves with blinding speed and lobs poison at foes. Featuring Accelgor as a main character is a surefire way to make a movie or comic popular.
Thanks to bacteria that lived in the mud flats with it, this Pokémon developed the organs it uses to generate electricity.



They were sculpted from clay in ancient times. No one knows why, but some of them are driven to continually line up boulders.
Artillery platforms built into the walls of ancient castles served as perches from which Golurk could fire energy beams.
It uses river stones to maintain the cutting edges of the blades covering its body. These sharpened blades allow it to bring down opponents.
It’s accompanied by a large retinue of Pawniard. Bisharp keeps a keen eye on its minions, ensuring none of them even think of double-crossing it.

If it spies a strong Pokémon, Rufflet can’t resist challenging it to a battle. But if Rufflet loses, it starts bawling.
Known for its bravery and pride, this majestic Pokémon is often seen as a motif for various kinds of emblems.
It wears a bone to protect its rear. It often squabbles with others of its kind over particularly comfy bones.
Although it’s a bit of a ruffian, this Pokémon will take lost Vullaby under its wing and care for them till they’re ready to leave the nest.
There’s a hole in its tail that allows it to draw in the air it needs to keep its fire burning. If the hole gets blocked, this Pokémon will fall ill.
They lay their eggs deep inside their nests. When attacked by Heatmor, they retaliate using their massive mandibles.
When it encounters something, its first urge is usually to bite it. If it likes what it tastes, it will commit the associated scent to memory.
While hunting for prey, Zweilous wanders its territory, its two heads often bickering over which way to go.
There are a slew of stories about villages that were destroyed by Hydreigon. It bites anything that moves.


This Pokémon appears in a legend alongside Terrakion and Virizion, fighting against humans in defense of the Unova region’s Pokémon.
It has phenomenal power. It will mercilessly crush anyone or anything that bullies small Pokémon.
A legend tells of this Pokémon working together with Cobalion and Terrakion to protect the Pokémon of the Unova region.


Flames spew from its tail as it flies through the sky like a jet airplane. It’s said that this Pokémon will scorch the world.
When the interior part of its tail spins like a motor, Zekrom can generate many bolts of lightning to blast its surroundings.

Dwelling within it is a power even greater than that of Reshiram or Zekrom, but the extreme cold keeps that power bound.
Cobalion, Terrakion, and Virizion taught this Pokémon how to fight. It dashes across the world, seeking more opportunities to further its training.











It excels at digging holes. Using its ears, it can dig a nest 33 feet deep in one night.
With power equal to an excavator, it can dig through dense bedrock. It’s a huge help during tunnel construction.













It chooses a Pangoro as its master and then imitates its master’s actions. This is how it learns to battle and hunt for prey.
This Pokémon is quick to anger, and it has no problem using its prodigious strength to get its way. It lives for duels against Obstagoon.

Though Espurr’s expression never changes, behind that blank stare is an intense struggle to contain its devastating psychic power.
Revealing the eyelike patterns on the insides of its ears will unleash its psychic powers. It normally keeps the patterns hidden, however.
Honedge’s soul once belonged to a person who was killed a long time ago by the sword that makes up Honedge’s body.
Honedge evolves into twins. The two blades rub together to emit a metallic sound that unnerves opponents.
In this defensive stance, Aegislash uses its steel body and a force field of spectral power to reduce the damage of any attack.
A scent pouch within this Pokémon’s body allows it to create various scents. A change in its diet will alter the fragrance it produces.
The scent that constantly emits from its fur is so powerful that this Pokémon’s companions will eventually lose their sense of smell.
It eats its own weight in sugar every day. If it doesn’t get enough sugar, it becomes incredibly grumpy.
By taking in a person’s scent, it can sniff out their mental and physical condition. It’s hoped that this skill will have many medical applications.
It spins while making its luminescent spots flash. These spots allow it to communicate with others by using different patterns of light.
Gazing at its luminescent spots will quickly induce a hypnotic state, putting the observer under Malamar’s control.
After two Binacle find a suitably sized rock, they adhere themselves to it and live together. They cooperate to gather food during high tide.
Seven Binacle come together to form one Barbaracle. The Binacle that serves as the head gives orders to those serving as the limbs.




When spread, the frills on its head act like solar panels, generating the power behind this Pokémon’s electric moves.
A now-vanished desert culture treasured these Pokémon. Appropriately, when Heliolisk came to the Galar region, treasure came with them.




By releasing enmity-erasing waves from its ribbonlike feelers, Sylveon stops any conflict.
It drives its opponents to exhaustion with its agile maneuvers, then ends the fight with a flashy finishing move.


Because most of its body is water, it will dry up if the weather becomes too arid. It’s considered the weakest dragon Pokémon.
Although this Pokémon isn’t very strong, its body is coated in a caustic slime that can melt through anything, so predators steer clear of it.
Sometimes it misunderstands instructions and appears dazed or bewildered. Many Trainers don’t mind, finding this behavior to be adorable.

After a lost child perished in the forest, their spirit possessed a tree stump, causing the spirit’s rebirth as this Pokémon.
People fear it due to a belief that it devours any who try to cut down trees in its forest, but to the Pokémon it shares its woods with, it’s kind.
Spirits that wander this world are placed into Pumpkaboo’s body. They’re then moved on to the afterlife.
Eerie cries emanate from its body in the dead of night. The sounds are said to be the wails of spirits who are suffering in the afterlife.
They chill the air around them to −150 degrees Fahrenheit, freezing the water in the air into ice that they use as armor.
At high latitudes, this Pokémon can be found with clusters of Bergmite on its back as it swims among the icebergs.
After nightfall, they emerge from the caves they nest in during the day. Using their ultrasonic waves, they go on the hunt for ripened fruit.
Aggressive and cruel, this Pokémon will ruthlessly torment enemies that are helpless in the dark.






At a distance, it launches its sharp feathers while flying about. If the enemy gets too close, Rowlet switches tactics and delivers vicious kicks.
It throws one knifelike feather after another at its enemies, and each one precisely strikes a weak point. These feathers are known as blade quills.
As if wielding a bow, it launches the arrow quills hidden among the feathers of its wings. Decidueye’s shots never miss.
It spends even the smallest amount of downtime grooming its fur with its tongue. Loose fur gathers in its stomach and serves as fuel for fiery moves.
In the midst of battle, the fire pouch on Torracat’s neck rings like a bell and produces stronger flames than usual.
It excels at violent, no-holds-barred battles. The temperature of the flames that issue from its navel exceeds 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit.
It creates special bouncy balloons to send at its opponents. When the balloons pop, the sheer force of their bursting is what deals damage.
As if dancing, it artfully dodges the attacks of its enemies. All the while, it’s busy forming a bunch of balloons to overwhelm its foes.
With its mouth, it makes sonic waves that sound like beautiful singing. It uses the sonic waves to control its water balloons.





Its natural enemies, like Rookidee, may flee rather than risk getting caught in its large mandibles that can snap thick tree branches.
While its durable shell protects it from attacks, Charjabug strikes at enemies with jolts of electricity discharged from the tips of its jaws.
It builds up electricity in its abdomen, focuses it through its jaws, and then fires the electricity off in concentrated beams.



Nectar and pollen are its favorite fare. You can find Cutiefly hovering around Gossifleur, trying to get some of Gossifleur’s pollen.
It makes pollen puffs from pollen and nectar. The puffs’ effects depend on the type of ingredients and how much of each one is used.


Individually, they’re incredibly weak. It’s by gathering up into schools that they’re able to confront opponents.
The first symptom of its sting is numbness. The next is an itching sensation so intense that it’s impossible to resist the urge to claw at your skin.
To survive in the cold waters of Galar, this Pokémon forms a dome with its legs, enclosing its body so it can capture its own body heat.
Loads weighing up to 50 times as much as its own body weight pose no issue for this Pokémon. It’s skilled at making use of mud.
Mud that hardens around a Mudsdale’s legs sets harder than stone. It’s so hard that it allows this Pokémon to scrap a truck with a single kick.
It forms a water bubble at the rear of its body and then covers its head with it. Meeting another Dewpider means comparing water-bubble sizes.
It launches water bubbles with its legs, drowning prey within the bubbles. This Pokémon can then take its time to savor its meal.


Pokémon living in the forest eat the delicious caps on Morelull’s head. The caps regrow overnight.
Its flickering spores lure in prey and put them to sleep. Once this Pokémon has its prey snoozing, it drains their vitality with its fingertips.
Its venom sacs produce a fluid that this Pokémon then heats up with the flame in its tail. This process creates Salandit’s poisonous gas.
Only female Salazzle exist. They emit a gas laden with pheromones to captivate male Salandit.
Its fluffy fur is a delight to pet, but carelessly reaching out to touch this Pokémon could result in painful retaliation.
Once it accepts you as a friend, it tries to show its affection with a hug. Letting it do that is dangerous—it could easily shatter your bones.
Its body gives off a sweet, fruity scent that is extremely appetizing to bird Pokémon.
As it twirls like a dancer, a sweet smell spreads out around it. Anyone who inhales the scent will feel a surge of happiness.
This feared Pokémon has long, slender legs and a cruel heart. It shows no mercy as it stomps on its opponents.

With waves of its fan—made from leaves and its own fur—Oranguru skillfully gives instructions to other Pokémon.
Displaying amazing teamwork, they follow the orders of their boss as they all help out in the search for their favorite berries.
It’s nature’s cleaner—it eats anything and everything, including garbage and rotten things. The ground near its nest is always clean.
It will do anything to win, taking advantage of every opening and finishing opponents off with the small claws on its front legs.


It lives in warm, shallow waters. If it encounters a foe, it will spit out its internal organs as a means to punch them.
Rumor has it that the theft of top-secret research notes led to a new instance of this Pokémon being created in the Galar region.
A solid bond of trust between this Pokémon and its Trainer awakened the strength hidden within Silvally. It can change its type at will.


Explosive substances coat the shell on its back. Enemies that dare attack it will be blown away by an immense detonation.
With the long hairs on its back, this Pokémon takes in electricity from other electric Pokémon. It stores what it absorbs in an electric sac.
It wears a rag fashioned into a Pikachu costume in an effort to look less scary. Unfortunately, the costume only makes it creepier.

The mountains it calls home are nearly two miles in height. On rare occasions, it descends to play with the children living in the towns below.
After a piece of seaweed merged with debris from a sunken ship, it was reborn as this ghost Pokémon.
They learn to fight by smashing their head scales together. The dueling strengthens both their skills and their spirits.
The scaleless, scarred parts of its body are signs of its strength. It shows them off to defeated opponents.
It clatters its tail scales to unnerve opponents. This Pokémon will battle only those who stand steadfast in the face of this display.




This Pokémon came from another universe. Its gaseous body is so light that even a gentle breeze can blow it away.
The absorption of starlight fuels this Pokémon’s growth. The shell that encases it is harder than any known material.
When light radiates from its body, this Pokémon could almost appear to be the sun. It will dispel any darkness and light up the world.
Known as the Beast That Calls the Moon, this Pokémon lives by taking in any and all light and converting it into its own energy.







It survives by absorbing light. After a long time spent slumbering underground, impurities accumulated within it, causing its body to darken.

By slipping into the shadow of a martial arts master and copying their movements, this Pokémon learned the ultimate techniques.




It runs as fast as lightning strikes, shredding its opponents with its high-voltage claws.
It dissolves and eats metal. Circulating liquid metal within its body is how it generates energy.
At the end of its life-span, Melmetal will rust and fall apart. The small shards left behind will eventually be reborn as Meltan.
When it uses its special stick to strike up a beat, the sound waves produced carry revitalizing energy to the plants and flowers in the area.
The faster a Thwackey can beat out a rhythm with its two sticks, the more respect it wins from its peers.
By drumming, it taps into the power of its special tree stump. The roots of the stump follow its direction in battle.
A warm-up of running around gets fire energy coursing through this Pokémon’s body. Once that happens, it’s ready to fight at full power.
Its thick and fluffy fur protects it from the cold and enables it to use hotter fire moves.
It juggles a pebble with its feet, turning it into a burning soccer ball. Its shots strike opponents hard and leave them scorched.
When scared, this Pokémon cries. Its tears pack the chemical punch of 100 onions, and attackers won’t be able to resist weeping.
A clever combatant, this Pokémon battles using water balloons created with moisture secreted from its palms.
It has many hidden capabilities, such as fingertips that can shoot water and a membrane on its back that it can use to glide through the air.
Found throughout the Galar region, this Pokémon becomes uneasy if its cheeks are ever completely empty of berries.
It stashes berries in its tail—so many berries that they fall out constantly. But this Pokémon is a bit slow-witted, so it doesn’t notice the loss.
It will bravely challenge any opponent, no matter how powerful. This Pokémon benefits from every battle—even a defeat increases its strength a bit.
Smart enough to use tools in battle, these Pokémon have been seen picking up rocks and flinging them or using ropes to wrap up enemies.
This Pokémon reigns supreme in the skies of the Galar region. The black luster of its steel body could drive terror into the heart of any foe.
A constant collector of information, this Pokémon is very smart. Very strong is what it isn’t.
It barely moves, but it’s still alive. Hiding in its shell without food or water seems to have awakened its psychic powers.
It’s famous for its high level of intelligence, and the large size of its brain is proof that it also possesses immense psychic power.
Aided by the soft pads on its feet, it silently raids the food stores of other Pokémon. It survives off its ill-gotten gains.
It secretly marks potential targets with a scent. By following the scent, it stalks its targets and steals from them when they least expect it.
It anchors itself in the ground with its single leg, then basks in the sun. After absorbing enough sunlight, its petals spread as it blooms brilliantly.
The seeds attached to its cotton fluff are full of nutrients. It spreads them on the wind so that plants and other Pokémon can benefit from them.
Its curly fleece is such an effective cushion that this Pokémon could fall off a cliff and stand right back up at the bottom, unharmed.
Weave a carpet from its springy wool, and you end up with something closer to a trampoline. You’ll start to bounce the moment you set foot on it.
Apparently the itch of its teething impels it to snap its jaws at anything in front of it.
With jaws that can shear through steel rods, this highly aggressive Pokémon chomps down on its unfortunate prey.
This Pokémon is very popular as a herding dog in the Galar region. As it runs, it generates electricity from the base of its tail.
This Pokémon generates electricity and channels it into its legs to keep them going strong. Boltund can run nonstop for three full days.
Most of its body has the same composition as coal. Fittingly, this Pokémon was first discovered in coal mines about 400 years ago.
It forms coal inside its body. Coal dropped by this Pokémon once helped fuel the lives of people in the Galar region.
It’s usually peaceful, but the vandalism of mines enrages it. Offenders will be incinerated with flames that reach 2,700 degrees Fahrenheit.
It spends its entire life inside an apple. It hides from its natural enemies, bird Pokémon, by pretending it’s just an apple and nothing more.
It ate a sour apple, and that induced its evolution. In its cheeks, it stores an acid capable of causing chemical burns.
Eating a sweet apple caused its evolution. A nectarous scent wafts from its body, luring in the bug Pokémon it preys on.
As it digs, it swallows sand and stores it in its neck pouch. The pouch can hold more than 17 pounds of sand.
When it contracts its body, over 220 pounds of sand sprays from its nose. If it ever runs out of sand, it becomes disheartened.
It’s so strong that it can knock out some opponents in a single hit, but it also may forget what it’s battling midfight.
If it sees any movement around it, this Pokémon charges for it straightaway, leading with its sharply pointed jaw. It’s very proud of that jaw.
This Pokémon has a jaw that’s as sharp as a spear and as strong as steel. Apparently Barraskewda’s flesh is surprisingly tasty, too.
It stores poison in an internal poison sac and secretes that poison through its skin. If you touch this Pokémon, a tingling sensation follows.
When this Pokémon sounds as if it’s strumming a guitar, it’s actually clawing at the protrusions on its chest to generate electricity.
It stores flammable gas in its body and uses it to generate heat. The yellow sections on its belly get particularly hot.
When it heats up, its body temperature reaches about 1,500 degrees Fahrenheit. It lashes its body like a whip and launches itself at enemies.
It’s very curious, but its means of investigating things is to try to punch them with its tentacles. The search for food is what brings it onto land.
A body made up of nothing but muscle makes the grappling moves this Pokémon performs with its tentacles tremendously powerful.
This Pokémon is said to have been born when a lonely spirit possessed a cold, leftover cup of tea.
This species lives in antique teapots. Most pots are forgeries, but on rare occasions, an authentic work is found.
Via the protrusion on its head, it senses other creatures’ emotions. If you don’t have a calm disposition, it will never warm up to you.
No matter who you are, if you bring strong emotions near this Pokémon, it will silence you violently.
It emits psychic power strong enough to cause headaches as a deterrent to the approach of others.
Through its nose, it sucks in the emanations produced by people and Pokémon when they feel annoyed. It thrives off this negative energy.
When it gets down on all fours as if to beg for forgiveness, it’s trying to lure opponents in so that it can stab them with its spear-like hair.
With the hair wrapped around its body helping to enhance its muscles, this Pokémon can overwhelm even Machamp.
Its voice is staggering in volume. Obstagoon has a tendency to take on a threatening posture and shout—this move is known as Obstruct.
What appears to be an iron helmet is actually hardened hair. This Pokémon lives for the thrill of battle.
Its shell is overflowing with its heightened otherworldly energy. The ectoplasm serves as protection for this Pokémon’s core spirit.
Only Farfetch’d that have survived many battles can attain this evolution. When this Pokémon’s leek withers, it will retire from combat.
It’s highly skilled at tap-dancing. It waves its cane of ice in time with its graceful movements.
A powerful curse was woven into an ancient painting. After absorbing the spirit of a Yamask, the painting began to move.
This Pokémon was born from sweet-smelling particles in the air. Its body is made of cream.
When it trusts a Trainer, it will treat them to berries it’s decorated with cream.
Five of them are troopers, and one is the brass. The brass’s orders are absolute.
It feeds on seaweed, using its teeth to scrape it off rocks. Electric current flows from the tips of its spines.
It spits out thread imbued with a frigid sort of energy and uses it to tie its body to branches, disguising itself as an icicle while it sleeps.
Icy scales fall from its wings like snow as it flies over fields and mountains. The temperature of its wings is less than −290 degrees Fahrenheit.
It stands in grasslands, watching the sun’s descent from zenith to horizon. This Pokémon has a talent for delivering dynamic kicks.
It drifted in on the flow of ocean waters from a frigid place. It keeps its head iced constantly to make sure it stays nice and cold.
It uses the horns on its head to sense the emotions of others. Males will act as valets for those they serve, looking after their every need.
As it eats the seeds stored up in its pocket-like pouches, this Pokémon is not just satisfying its constant hunger. It’s also generating electricity.
It digs up the ground with its trunk. It’s also very strong, being able to carry loads of over five tons without any problem at all.
They came over from another region long ago and worked together with humans. Their green skin is resistant to water.
In ancient times, it was unbeatable thanks to its powerful lower body, but it went extinct anyway after it depleted all its plant-based food sources.
The shaking of its freezing upper half is what generates its electricity. It has a hard time walking around.
Powerful legs and jaws made it the apex predator of its time. Its own overhunting of its prey was what drove it to extinction.
Though it’s able to capture prey by freezing its surroundings, it has trouble eating the prey afterward because its mouth is on top of its head.
Its body resembles polished metal, and it’s both lightweight and strong. The only drawback is that it rusts easily.
After being reborn as a ghost Pokémon, Dreepy wanders the areas it used to inhabit back when it was alive in prehistoric seas.
It’s capable of flying faster than 120 mph. It battles alongside Dreepy and dotes on them until they successfully evolve.
When it isn’t battling, it keeps Dreepy in the holes on its horns. Once a fight starts, it launches the Dreepy like supersonic missiles.
Known as a legendary hero, this Pokémon absorbs metal particles, transforming them into a weapon it uses to battle.
In times past, it worked together with a king of the people to save the Galar region. It absorbs metal that it then uses in battle.
The core on its chest absorbs energy emanating from the lands of the Galar region. This energy is what allows Eternatus to stay active.



This colossal, flame-winged figure of a Charizard was brought about by Gigantamax energy.

Crystallized Gigantamax energy makes up this Pokémon’s blindingly bright and highly toxic scales.





This Pikachu wears its partner’s cap, which is brimming with memories of traveling through many different regions.
This Pikachu wears its partner’s cap, which is brimming with memories of traveling through the Hoenn region.
This Pikachu wears its partner’s cap, which is brimming with memories of traveling through the Sinnoh region.
This Pikachu wears its partner’s cap, which is brimming with memories of traveling through the Unova region.
This Pikachu wears its partner’s cap, which is brimming with memories of traveling through the Kalos region.
This Pikachu wears its partner’s cap, which is brimming with memories of traveling through the Alola region.
This Pikachu wears its partner’s cap, which is brimming with memories of when they first met.

Its Gigantamax power expanded, forming its supersized body and towering tail.
It’s believed that the weather, climate, and food of the Alola region all play a part in causing Pikachu to evolve into this form of Raichu.


After long years in the ever-snowcapped mountains of Alola, this Vulpix has gained power over ice.
A deity resides in the snowy mountains where this Pokémon lives. In ancient times, it was worshiped as that deity’s incarnation.
The metal-rich geology of this Pokémon’s habitat caused it to develop steel whiskers on its head.
Their beautiful, metallic whiskers create a sort of protective helmet on their heads, and they also function as highly precise sensors.
It’s accustomed to luxury because it used to live with Alolan royalty. As a result, it’s very picky about food.
Living with a savage, seafaring people has toughened this Pokémon’s body so much that parts of it have turned to iron.
The pattern that has appeared on its giant coin is thought to be the key to unlocking the secrets of the Dynamax phenomenon.
The round face of Alolan Persian is considered to be a symbol of prosperity in the Alola region, so these Pokémon are very well cared for.

The Gigantamax energy coursing through its arms makes its punches hit as hard as bomb blasts.



Its small horn hides a healing power. With a few rubs from this Pokémon’s horn, any slight wound you have will be healed.
Little can stand up to its psycho cut. Unleashed from this Pokémon’s horn, the move will punch a hole right through a thick metal sheet.

The Farfetch’d of the Galar region are brave warriors, and they wield thick, tough leeks in battle.



Rumor has it that its gigantic mouth leads not into its body, filled with cursed energy, but instead directly to the afterlife.
The flow of Gigantamax energy has spurred this Pokémon’s left pincer to grow to an enormous size. That claw can pulverize anything.



This Pokémon consumes particles that contaminate the air. Instead of leaving droppings, it expels clean air.

Its talent is tap-dancing. It can also manipulate temperatures to create a floor of ice, which this Pokémon can kick up to use as a barrier.


Over 5,000 people can ride on its shell at once. And it’s a very comfortable ride, without the slightest shaking or swaying.

Gigantamax energy upped the fluffiness of the fur around Eevee’s neck. The fur will envelop a foe, capturing its body and captivating its mind.

Gigantamax energy has affected stray seeds and even pebbles that got stuck to Snorlax, making them grow to a huge size.

































Watch your step when wandering areas oceans once covered. What looks like a stone could be this Pokémon, and it will curse you if you kick it.





Its restlessness has it constantly running around. If it sees another Pokémon, it will purposely run into them in order to start a fight.
It uses its long tongue to taunt opponents. Once the opposition is enraged, this Pokémon hurls itself at the opponent, tackling them forcefully.































After absorbing plenty of sunlight, Cherrim takes this form. It’s full of energy while it’s like this, and its liveliness will go on until sundown.
There’s speculation that its appearance is determined by what it eats, but the truth remains elusive.
It secretes a purple fluid to deter enemies. This fluid isn’t poisonous—instead, it’s super sticky, and once it sticks, it’s very hard to unstick.





This Rotom has possessed a convection microwave oven that uses a special motor. It also has a flair for manipulating flames.
This form of Rotom enjoys coming up with water- based pranks. Be careful with it if you don’t want your room flooded.
Rotom assumes this form when it takes over a refrigerator powered by a special motor. It battles by spewing cold air.
In this form, Rotom applies its new power over wind to its love of pranks. It will happily blow away any important documents it can find.
This is Rotom after it’s seized control of a lawn mower that has a special motor. As it mows down grass, it scatters the clippings everywhere.



















Females of this species are very capable fliers, particularly notable for their stamina. They also take longer to adjust to people.

Blue-striped Basculin used to be a common food source. They apparently have an inoffensive, light flavor.
It lived in snowy areas for so long that its fire sac cooled off and atrophied. It now has an organ that generates cold instead.
Through meditation, it calms its raging spirit and hones its psychic powers.
On days when blizzards blow through, it comes down to where people live. It stashes food in the snowball on its head, taking it home for later.
Anger has reignited its atrophied flame sac. This Pokémon spews fire everywhere as it rampages indiscriminately.
A clay slab with cursed engravings took possession of a Yamask. The slab is said to be absorbing the Yamask’s dark power.
Due to Gigantamax energy, this Pokémon’s toxic gas has become much thicker, congealing into masses shaped like discarded toys.






It envelops its prey in its veillike arms and draws it down to the deeps, five miles below the ocean’s surface.
These Pokémon have body compositions that are mostly identical to seawater. They make their lairs from sunken ships.
Living in mud with a high iron content has given it a strong steel body.



The sameness of Reshiram’s and Kyurem’s genes allowed Kyurem to absorb Reshiram. Kyurem can now use the power of both fire and ice.
It’s said that this Pokémon battles in order to protect the ideal world that will exist in the future for people and Pokémon.
Keldeo has strengthened its resolve for battle, filling its body with power and changing its form.






















































































Females are a bit more selfish and aggressive than males. If they don’t get what they want, they will torment you with their psychic abilities.
This stance is dedicated to offense. It can cleave any opponent with the strength and weight of its steel blade.
When taking spirits to the afterlife, small Pumpkaboo prefer the spirits of children to those of adults.
When taking spirits to the afterlife, large Pumpkaboo prefer the spirits of adults to those of children.
Supersized Pumpkaboo are very partial to the spirits of people who were of similarly superior proportions.
Small Gourgeist pretend to be children to fool adults. Anyone who falls for the act gets carried away to the hereafter.
Large Gourgeist put on the guise of adults, taking the hands of children to lead them to the afterlife.
Supersized Gourgeist aren’t picky. They will forcefully drag anyone off to the afterlife.
















On their own, they’re very weak. But when Wishiwashi pool their power together in a school, they become a demon of the sea.



Thanks to its awakened powers, it can change to the Fighting type to match the memory it has equipped.
Thanks to its awakened powers, it can change to the Flying type to match the memory it has equipped.
Thanks to its awakened powers, it can change to the Poison type to match the memory it has equipped.
Thanks to its awakened powers, it can change to the Ground type to match the memory it has equipped.
Thanks to its awakened powers, it can change to the Rock type to match the memory it has equipped.
Thanks to its awakened powers, it can change to the Bug type to match the memory it has equipped.
Thanks to its awakened powers, it can change to the Ghost type to match the memory it has equipped.
Thanks to its awakened powers, it can change to the Steel type to match the memory it has equipped.
Thanks to its awakened powers, it can change to the Fire type to match the memory it has equipped.
Thanks to its awakened powers, it can change to the Water type to match the memory it has equipped.
Thanks to its awakened powers, it can change to the Grass type to match the memory it has equipped.
Thanks to its awakened powers, it can change to the Electric type to match the memory it has equipped.
Thanks to its awakened powers, it can change to the Psychic type to match the memory it has equipped.
Thanks to its awakened powers, it can change to the Ice type to match the memory it has equipped.
Thanks to its awakened powers, it can change to the Dragon type to match the memory it has equipped.
Thanks to its awakened powers, it can change to the Dark type to match the memory it has equipped.
Thanks to its awakened powers, it can change to the Fairy type to match the memory it has equipped.














There will be no forgiveness for any who reveal that it was pretending to be Pikachu. It will bring the culprit down, even at the cost of its own life.



When it dominates Solgaleo, it takes on this form. It’s a vicious Pokémon, mangling prey with its many claws—including those on its back.
Necrozma has subjugated Lunala entirely, forcing the unfortunate Pokémon to emit its light energy for Necrozma to consume.


In a distant land, there are legends about a cyclopean giant. In fact, the giant was a Melmetal that was flooded with Gigantamax energy.
Imbued with Gigantamax energy, its wings can whip up winds more forceful than any a hurricane could muster. The gusts blow everything away.
Its brain has grown to a gargantuan size, as has the rest of its body. This Pokémon’s intellect and psychic abilities are overpowering.
It responded to Gigantamax energy by becoming bipedal. First it comes crashing down on foes, and then it finishes them off with its massive jaws.
Its body is a colossal stove. With Gigantamax energy stoking the fire, this Pokémon’s flame burns hotter than 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit.
Under the influence of Gigantamax energy, it produces much more sweet nectar, and its shape has changed to resemble a giant apple.
It blasts its opponents with massive amounts of sweet, sticky nectar, drowning them under the deluge.
Its sand pouch has grown to tremendous proportions. More than 1,000,000 tons of sand now swirl around its body.
Cramorant’s gluttony led it to try to swallow an Arrokuda whole, which in turn led to Cramorant getting an Arrokuda stuck in its throat.
This Cramorant has accidentally gotten a Pikachu lodged in its gullet. Cramorant is choking a little, but it isn’t really bothered.
Capable of generating 15,000 volts of electricity, this Pokémon looks down on all that would challenge it.
Its excessive electric energy is its weapon. This Pokémon can build up more electricity than any thundercloud.
Gigantamax energy has evoked a rise in its body temperature, now reaching over 1,800 degrees Fahrenheit. Its heat waves incinerate its enemies.
The swirl pattern in this Pokémon’s body is its weakness. If it gets stirred, the swirl loses its shape, and Sinistea gets dizzy.
Trainers Polteageist trusts will be allowed to experience its distinctive flavor and aroma firsthand by sampling just a tiny bit of its tea.
This Pokémon can read the emotions of creatures over 30 miles away. The minute it senses hostility, it goes on the attack.
By transforming its leg hair, this Pokémon delivers power-packed drill kicks that can bore huge holes in Galar’s terrain.
The moment it evolved, it took on a sweet and tart flavor. This is because of the way its cells spontaneously shifted during evolution.
The moment it evolved, it took on an aromatic flavor. This is because of the way its cells spontaneously shifted during evolution.
The moment it evolved, it took on a refreshing flavor. This is because of the way its cells spontaneously shifted during evolution.
The moment it evolved, it took on a sour flavor. This is because of the way its cells spontaneously shifted during evolution.
The moment it evolved, it took on a salty flavor. This is because of the way its cells spontaneously shifted during evolution.
The moment it evolved, it took on a mixed flavor. This is because of the way its cells spontaneously shifted during evolution.
The moment it evolved, it took on a bitter flavor. This is because of the way its cells spontaneously shifted during evolution.
The moment it evolved, it took on a complex flavor. This is because of the way its cells spontaneously shifted during evolution.
Cream pours endlessly from this Pokémon’s body. The cream stiffens when compressed by an impact. A harder impact results in harder cream.
The ice covering this Pokémon’s face has shattered, revealing a slightly worried expression that many people are enamored with.
These intelligent Pokémon touch horns with each other to share information between them.
Intense hunger drives it to extremes of violence, and the electricity in its cheek sacs has converted into a Dark-type energy.
So much power is packed within its trunk that if it were to unleash that power, the resulting blast could level mountains and change the landscape.
It’s grown to resemble a skyscraper. Parts of its towering body glow due to a profusion of energy.
Now armed with a weapon it used in ancient times, this Pokémon needs only a single strike to fell even Gigantamax Pokémon.
Its ability to deflect any attack led to it being known as the Fighting Master’s Shield. It was feared and respected by all.
[~ 1263]
As a result of Rose’s meddling, Eternatus absorbed all the energy in the Galar region. It’s now in a state of power overload.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Text File : zukan_comment_B
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

While it is young, it uses the nutrients that are stored in the seed on its back in order to grow.
Exposure to sunlight adds to its strength. Sunlight also makes the bud on its back grow larger.
A bewitching aroma wafts from its flower. The fragrance becalms those engaged in a battle.
From the time it is born, a flame burns at the tip of its tail. Its life would end if the flame were to go out.
If it becomes agitated during battle, it spouts intense flames, incinerating its surroundings.
Its wings can carry this Pokémon close to an altitude of 4,600 feet. It blows out fire at very high temperatures.
When it feels threatened, it draws its limbs inside its shell and sprays water from its mouth.
It cleverly controls its furry ears and tail to maintain its balance while swimming.
The rocket cannons on its shell fire jets of water capable of punching holes through thick steel.
Its short feet are tipped with suction pads that enable it to tirelessly climb slopes and walls.
Even though it is encased in a sturdy shell, the body inside is tender. It can’t withstand a harsh attack.
It collects honey every day. It rubs honey onto the hairs on its legs to carry it back to its nest.












When Pikachu meet, they’ll touch their tails together and exchange electricity through them as a form of greeting.
If its electric pouches run empty, it raises its tail to gather electricity from the atmosphere.








Its adorable behavior and cry make it highly popular. However, this cute Pokémon is rarely found.
Their ears are sensitive enough to hear a pin drop from over a mile away, so they’re usually found in quiet places.
As each tail grows, its fur becomes more lustrous. When held, it feels slightly warm.
Very smart and very vengeful. Grabbing one of its many tails could result in a 1,000-year curse.




During the day, it stays in the cold underground to avoid the sun. It grows by bathing in moonlight.
What appears to be drool is actually sweet honey. It is very sticky and clings stubbornly if touched.
The larger its petals, the more toxic pollen it contains. Its big head is heavy and hard to hold up.




It burrows through the ground at a shallow depth. It leaves raised earth in its wake, making it easy to spot.
These Diglett triplets dig over 60 miles below sea level. No one knows what it’s like underground.
It washes its face regularly to keep the coin on its forehead spotless. It doesn’t get along with Galarian Meowth.
Its elegant and refined behavior clashes with that of the barbaric Perrserker. The relationship between the two is one of mutual disdain.




Extremely loyal, it will fearlessly bark at any opponent to protect its own Trainer from harm.
A Pokémon that has long been admired for its beauty. It runs agilely as if on wings.






Always brimming with power, it passes time by lifting boulders. Doing so makes it even stronger.
Its formidable body never gets tired. It helps people by doing work such as the moving of heavy goods.
With four arms that react more quickly than it can think, it can execute many punches at once.








If you’ve been accepted by Ponyta, its burning mane is mysteriously no longer hot to the touch.
The fastest runner becomes the leader, and it decides the herd’s pace and direction of travel.




They use a plant stalk as a weapon, but not all of them use it in the same way. Several distinct styles of stalk fighting have been observed.






Its hard shell repels any kind of attack. It is vulnerable only when its shell is open.
Once it slams its shell shut, it is impossible to open, even by those with superior strength.
With its gas-like body, it can sneak into any place it desires. However, it can be blown away by wind.
If you get the feeling of being watched in darkness when nobody is around, Haunter is there.
It is said to emerge from darkness to steal the lives of those who become lost in mountains.
It rapidly bores through the ground at 50 mph by squirming and twisting its massive, rugged body.


If it senses danger approaching, it cloaks itself with bubbles from its mouth so it will look bigger.
Its oversized claw is very powerful, but when it’s not in battle, the claw just gets in the way.






The legs freely contract and stretch. The stretchy legs allow it to hit a distant foe with a rising kick.
Its punches slice the air. However, it seems to need a short break after fighting for three minutes.

It adores polluted air. Some claim that Koffing used to be more plentiful in the Galar region than they are now.
It can’t suck in air quite as well as a Galarian Weezing, but the toxins it creates are more potent than those of its counterpart.
It can remember only one thing at a time. Once it starts rushing, it forgets why it started.
Protected by an armor-like hide, it is capable of living in molten lava of 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit.





Its dorsal and pectoral fins are strongly developed like muscles. It can swim at a speed of five knots.
Using its horn, it bores holes in riverbed boulders, making nests to prevent its eggs from washing away.


It’s known for its top-notch pantomime skills. It protects itself from all sorts of attacks by emitting auras from its fingers to create walls.






This weak and pathetic Pokémon gets easily pushed along rivers when there are strong currents.
Once it begins to rampage, a Gyarados will burn everything down, even in a harsh storm.
Crossing icy seas is no issue for this cold-resistant Pokémon. Its smooth skin is a little cool to the touch.
When it encounters another Ditto, it will move faster than normal to duplicate that opponent exactly.
Thanks to its unstable genetic makeup, this special Pokémon conceals many different possible evolutions.
Its body’s cellular structure is similar to the molecular composition of water. It can melt invisibly in water.
It accumulates negative ions in the atmosphere to blast out 10,000-volt lightning bolts.
It stores some of the air it inhales in its internal flame pouch, which heats it to over 3,000 degrees Fahrenheit.






This Pokémon’s stomach is so strong, even eating moldy or rotten food will not affect it.






The research efforts of a certain scientist ultimately resulted in this Pokémon. Its powers are dedicated to battling.
This mythical Pokémon is said to be extinct, but sightings of it are still being reported to this day.











It begins to hoot at the same time every day. Some Trainers use them in place of clocks.
When it needs to think, it rotates its head 180 degrees to sharpen its intellectual power.





On the dark ocean floor, its only means of communication is its constantly flashing lights.
This Pokémon flashes a bright light that blinds its prey. This creates an opening for it to deliver an electrical attack.
The electric sacs in its cheeks are small. If even a little electricity leaks, it becomes shocked.
Because of its unusual, starlike silhouette, people believe that it came here on a meteor.

It is considered to be a symbol of good luck. Its shell is said to be filled with happiness.
It grows dispirited if it is not with kind people. It can float in midair without moving its wings.
Because its wings aren’t yet fully grown, it has to hop to get around. It is always staring at something.
This odd Pokémon can see both the past and the future. It eyes the sun’s movement all day.



Bellossom gather at times and appear to dance. They say that the dance is a ritual to summon the sun.


It disguises itself as a tree to avoid attack. It hates water, so it will disappear if it starts raining.








When walking on land, it covers its body with a poisonous film that keeps its skin from dehydrating.
Its body is always slimy. It often bangs its head on the river bottom as it swims but seems not to care.
It unleashes psychic power from the orb on its forehead. When its power is exhausted, the orb grows dull and dark.
On the night of a full moon, or when it gets excited, the ring patterns on its body glow yellow.




To keep its pitch-black tail hidden, it lives quietly in the darkness. It is never first to attack.





It is thought its body transformed as a result of iron accumulating internally from swallowing soil.


The small spikes covering its body developed from scales. They inject a toxin that causes fainting.

The berries stored in its vaselike shell eventually become a thick, pulpy juice.

It has a cunning yet savage disposition. It waits for parents to leave their nests, and then it sneaks in to steal their eggs.




If it smells something enticing, it dashes off headlong to find the source of the aroma.
Although its legs are short, its rugged hooves prevent it from slipping, even on icy ground.
These Pokémon live in warm seas. In prehistoric times, many lived in the oceans around the Galar region as well.
Using its dorsal fin as a suction pad, it clings to a Mantine’s underside to scavenge for leftovers.
It traps enemies with its suction-cupped tentacles, then smashes them with its rock-hard head.
It has a generous habit of sharing its food with people and Pokémon, so it’s always scrounging around for more food.
As it majestically swims, it doesn’t care if Remoraid attach to it to scavenge for its leftovers.









Even though it is small, it can’t be ignored because it will slug any handy target without warning.
After doing a handstand to throw off the opponent’s timing, it presents its fancy kick moves.








It feeds on soil. After it has eaten a large mountain, it will fall asleep so it can grow.
It will not stay still, even while it’s a pupa. It already has arms and legs under its solid shell.
The quakes caused when it walks make even great mountains crumble and change the surrounding terrain.


This Pokémon traveled through time to come from the future. It bolsters grass and trees with its own strength, and it can heal wounds, too.











Zigzagoon that adapted to regions outside Galar acquired this appearance. If you’ve lost something, this Pokémon can likely find it.
It uses its explosive speed and razor-sharp claws to bring down prey. Running along winding paths is not its strong suit.





Its leaf grew too large for it to live on land. That is how it began to live floating in the water.
It lives at the water’s edge where it is sunny. It sleeps on a bed of water grass by day and becomes active at night.
If it hears festive music, it begins moving in rhythm in order to amplify its power.
It attaches itself to a tree branch using the top of its head. Strong winds can sometimes make it fall.
They live in holes bored in large trees. The sound of Nuzleaf’s grass flute fills listeners with dread.
It lives quietly in the deep forest. It is said to create chilly winter winds with the fans it holds.


It soars on updrafts without flapping its wings. It makes a nest on sheer cliffs at the sea’s edge.
Skimming the water’s surface, it dips its large bill in the sea, scoops up food and water, and carries it.
If its horns capture the warm feelings of people or Pokémon, its body warms up slightly.
It has a psychic power that enables it to distort the space around it and see into the future.
To protect its Trainer, it will expend all its psychic power to create a small black hole.







It can sometimes live underground for more than 10 years. It absorbs nutrients from the roots of trees.
This Pokémon is so quick, it is said to be able to avoid any attack. It loves to feed on tree sap.
A strange Pokémon—it flies without moving its wings, has a hollow shell for a body, and does not breathe.









It feeds on gemstone crystals. In darkness, its eyes sparkle with the glitter of jewels.
It chomps with its gaping mouth. Its huge jaws are actually steel horns that have been transformed.





It stores electricity in its fur. It gives off sparks from all over its body in seasons when the air is dry.
It rarely appears before people. It is said to nest where lightning has fallen.




It uses the different poisons in each hand separately when it attacks. The stronger its aroma, the healthier it is.




When it sucks in a large volume of seawater, it becomes like a big, bouncy ball. It eats a ton of food daily.
Its immense size is the reason for its popularity. Wailord watching is a favorite sightseeing activity in various parts of the world.


You find abandoned coal mines full of them. They dig tirelessly in search of coal.



It makes an inescapable conical pit and lies in wait at the bottom for prey to come tumbling down.
To help make its wings grow, it dissolves quantities of prey in its digestive juices and guzzles them down every day.
It is nicknamed the Desert Spirit because the flapping of its wings sounds like a woman singing.






It was discovered at the site of a meteor strike 40 years ago. Its stare can lull its foes to sleep.
Solar energy is the source of its power, so it is strong during the daytime. When it spins, its body shines.
It probes muddy riverbeds with its two long whiskers. A slimy film protects its body.
It claims a large swamp to itself. If a foe comes near it, it sets off tremors by thrashing around.
It was originally a Pokémon from afar that escaped to the wild. It can adapt to the dirtiest river.
A brutish Pokémon that loves to battle. It will crash itself into any foe that approaches its nest.
It was discovered in ancient ruins. While moving, it constantly spins. It stands on one foot even when asleep.
It appears to have been born from clay dolls made by ancient people. It uses telekinesis to float and move.




It is a shabby and ugly Pokémon. However, it is very hardy and can survive on little water.
It’s said that a glimpse of a Milotic and its beauty will calm any hostile emotions you’re feeling.




Making itself invisible, it silently sneaks up to prey. It has the ability to slip through thick walls.
It seeks drifting will-o’-the-wisps and sucks them into its empty body. What happens inside is a mystery.



It tends to move in a pack with others. They cluster in a tight group to sleep in a cave.
It can only survive in cold areas. It bounces happily around, even in environments as cold as −150 degrees Fahrenheit.
It can instantly freeze moisture in the atmosphere. It uses this power to freeze its foes.






















It’s believed that when this Pokémon wakes from its 1,000-year slumber, it will grant any wishes written on the notes attached to its head.




















This Pokémon is highly sensitive to temperature changes. When its bud starts to open, that means spring is right around the corner.
The poison in its right hand is quick acting. The poison in its left hand is slow acting. Both are life threatening.







It ceaselessly gathers nectar from sunrise to sundown, all for the sake of Vespiquen and the swarm.
Vespiquen that give off more pheromones have larger swarms of Combee attendants.



The deeper a Cherubi’s red, the more nutrients it has stockpiled in its body. And the sweeter and tastier its small ball!
Its folded petals are pretty tough. Bird Pokémon can peck at them all they want, and Cherrim won’t be bothered at all.
Subjecting this Pokémon to a strong force causes it to secrete a strange purple fluid. Though harmless, the fluid is awfully sticky.
The softness of its body helps disperse the force of impacts, so although its body is uncommonly squishy, it’s also surprisingly resilient.

The gathering of many souls gave rise to this Pokémon. During humid seasons, they seem to appear in abundance.
It grabs people and Pokémon and carries them off somewhere. Where do they go? Nobody knows.







If it lifts its tail and points its rear at you, beware. It’s about to spray you with a fluid stinky enough to make you faint.
It digs holes in the ground to make its nest. The stench of the fluid it lets fly from the tip of its tail is extremely potent.
Polishing Bronzor to a shine makes its surface reflect the truth, according to common lore. Be that as it may, Bronzor hates being polished.
Many scientists suspect that this Pokémon originated outside the Galar region, based on the patterns on its body.
This Pokémon lives in dry, rocky areas. As its green spheres dry out, their dull luster increases.
It looks for a Mr. Rime that’s a good dancer and carefully copies the Mr. Rime’s steps like an apprentice.






It stores food beneath its fur. It might share just one bite, but only if it really trusts you.
It can use waves called auras to gauge how others are feeling. These same waves can also tell this Pokémon about the state of the environment.
It can tell what people are thinking. Only Trainers who have justice in their hearts can earn this Pokémon’s trust.
This Pokémon is active during the day and passes the cold desert nights burrowed snugly into the sand.
When roused to violence by its rage, it spews out the quantities of sand it has swallowed and whips up a sandstorm.
It attacks using the claws on its tail. Once locked in its grip, its prey is unable to move as this Pokémon’s poison seeps in.
It’s so vicious that it’s called the Sand Demon. Yet when confronted by Hippowdon, Drapion keeps a low profile and will never pick a fight.
Once diluted, its poison becomes medicinal. This Pokémon came into popularity after a pharmaceutical company chose it as a mascot.
It booms out a victory croak when its prey goes down in defeat. This Pokémon and Seismitoad are related species.



It swims along with a school of Remoraid, and they’ll all fight together to repel attackers.
The berries that grow around its belly are like ice pops. Galarian Darumaka absolutely love these berries.
This Pokémon is known to bring blizzards. A shake of its massive body is enough to cause whiteout conditions.
With its claws, it leaves behind signs for its friends to find. The number of distinct signs is said to be over 500.


It relies on its carapace to deflect incoming attacks and throw its enemy off balance. As soon as that happens, it drives its drill into the foe.



Known as a bringer of blessings, it’s been depicted on good-luck charms since ancient times.

This Pokémon’s tail is blade sharp, with a fantastic cutting edge that can slice right though large trees.
The coldness emanating from Glaceon causes powdery snow to form, making it quite a popular Pokémon at ski resorts.

It looks strong, and that’s exactly what it is. As the weather grows colder, its ice tusks grow longer, thicker, and more impressive.

Sharply attuned to others’ wishes for help, this Pokémon seeks out those in need and aids them in battle.

With the mouth on its belly, Dusknoir swallows its target whole. The soul is the only thing eaten— Dusknoir disgorges the body before departing.
It spits out cold air of nearly −60 degrees Fahrenheit to freeze its quarry. It brings frozen prey back to its lair and neatly lines them up.
With a body made of plasma, it can inhabit all sorts of machines. It loves to surprise others.





























Opponents that get drawn in by its adorable behavior come away with stinging scratches from its claws and stinging pride from its laughter.
This stealthy Pokémon sneaks up behind prey without making any sound at all. It competes with Thievul for territory.






It eats dreams and releases mist. The mist is pink when it’s eating a good dream, and black when it’s eating a nightmare.
It drowses and dreams all the time. It’s best to leave it be if it’s just woken up, as it’s a terrible grump when freshly roused from sleep.
It’s forgetful and not very bright, but many Trainers love it anyway for its friendliness and sincerity.
These bright Pokémon have acute memories. Apparently delivery workers often choose them as their partners.
This Pokémon is intelligent and intensely proud. People will sit up and take notice if you become the Trainer of one.


When it detects a noise, it starts to move. The energy core inside it makes this Pokémon slightly warm to the touch.
It relies on sound in order to monitor what’s in its vicinity. When angered, it will attack without ever changing the direction it’s facing.
Although its energy blasts can blow away a dump truck, they have a limitation— they can only be fired when the sun is out.
It emits ultrasonic waves as it flutters about, searching for its prey—bug Pokémon.
The auspicious shape of this Pokémon’s nose apparently led some regions to consider Swoobat a symbol of good luck.
It’s a digger, using its claws to burrow through the ground. It causes damage to vegetable crops, so many farmers have little love for it.
Known as the Drill King, this Pokémon can tunnel through the terrain at speeds of over 90 mph.

Timburr that have started carrying logs that are about three times their size are nearly ready to evolve.
Gurdurr excels at demolition—construction is not its forte. In any case, there’s skill in the way this Pokémon wields its metal beam.
When going all out, this Pokémon throws aside its concrete pillars and leaps at opponents to pummel them with its fists.
It uses sound waves to communicate with others of its kind. People and other Pokémon species can’t hear its cries of warning.
On occasion, their cries are sublimely pleasing to the ear. Palpitoad with larger lumps on their bodies can sing with a wider range of sounds.
This Pokémon is popular among the elderly, who say the vibrations of its lumps are great for massages.
They train in groups of five. Any member that can’t keep up will discard its belt and leave the group.
The karate chops of a Sawk that’s trained itself to the limit can cleave the ocean itself.






Weaving together the cotton of both Cottonee and Eldegoss produces exquisite cloth that’s highly prized by many luxury brands.
As long as this Pokémon bathes in sunlight, its cotton keeps growing. If too much cotton fluff builds up, Whimsicott tears it off and scatters it.


In the past, it often appeared on the dinner table. The meat of red-striped Basculin is on the fatty side, and it’s more popular with the youth.



This popular symbol of good fortune will never fall over in its sleep, no matter how it’s pushed or pulled.
This Pokémon’s power level rises along with the temperature of its fire, which can reach 2,500 degrees Fahrenheit.
Once each year, this Pokémon scatters its seeds. They’re jam-packed with nutrients, making them a precious food source out in the desert.
It first tries to find a rock to live in, but if there are no suitable rocks to be found, Dwebble may move in to the ports of a Hippowdon.
Its thick claws are its greatest weapons. They’re mighty enough to crack Rhyperior’s carapace.
It protects itself with its durable skin. It’s thought that this Pokémon will evolve once its skin has completely stretched out.
While mostly known for having the temperament of an aggressive ruffian, this Pokémon takes very good care of its family, friends, and territory.
A discovery was made in the desert where Sigilyph fly. The ruins of what may have been an ancient city were found beneath the sands.
The spirit of a person from a bygone age became this Pokémon. It rambles through ruins, searching for someone who knows its face.
There are many depictions of Cofagrigus decorating ancient tombs. They’re symbols of the wealth that kings of bygone eras had.




This Pokémon was born from a bag stuffed with trash. Galarian Weezing relish the fumes belched by Trubbish.
The toxic liquid it launches from its right arm is so virulent that it can kill a weakened creature instantly.


They pet each other with their tails as a form of greeting. Of the two, the one whose tail is fluffier is a bit more boastful.
A special oil that seeps through their fur helps them avoid attacks. The oil fetches a high price at market.
Even when nobody seems to be around, Gothita can still be heard making a muted cry. Many believe it’s speaking to something only it can see.
On nights when the stars shine, this Pokémon’s psychic power is at its strongest. It’s unknown just what link Gothorita has to the greater universe.
A criminal who was shown his fate by a Gothitelle went missing that same day and was never seen again.
Many say that the special liquid covering this Pokémon’s body would allow it to survive in the vacuum of space.
Its brain has split into two, and the two halves rarely think alike. Its actions are utterly unpredictable.
It’s said that drinking the liquid surrounding Reuniclus grants wisdom. Problem is, the liquid is highly toxic to anything besides Reuniclus itself.


Supposedly, this Pokémon was born from an icicle. It spews out freezing air at −58 degrees Fahrenheit to make itself more comfortable.
It blasts enemies with cold air reaching −148 degrees Fahrenheit, freezing them solid. But it spares their lives afterward—it’s a kind Pokémon.
People believe this Pokémon formed when two Vanillish stuck together. Its body temperature is roughly 21 degrees Fahrenheit.



It spits a liquid from its mouth to melt through Shelmet’s shell. Karrablast doesn’t eat the shell— it eats only the contents.
It charges its enemies, lances at the ready. An image of one of its duels is captured in a famous painting of Escavalier clashing with Sirfetch’d.


Legend has it that the residents of a sunken ancient city changed into these Pokémon.
Whenever a full moon hangs in the night sky, schools of Jellicent gather near the surface of the sea, waiting for their prey to appear.

Joltik latch on to other Pokémon and suck out static electricity. They’re often found sticking to Yamper’s hindquarters.
It lays traps of electrified threads near the nests of bird Pokémon, aiming to snare chicks that are not yet good at flying.
Mossy caves are their preferred dwellings. Enzymes contained in mosses help Ferroseed’s spikes grow big and strong.
Its spikes are harder than steel. This Pokémon crawls across rock walls by stabbing the spikes on its feelers into the stone.
It’s suspected that Klink were the inspiration behind ancient people’s invention of the first gears.
Many companies in the Galar region choose Klang as their logo. This Pokémon is considered the symbol of industrial technology.
The three gears that compose this Pokémon spin at high speed. Its new spiked gear isn’t a living creature.



This Pokémon was discovered about 50 years ago. Its highly developed brain enables it to exert its psychic powers.
Sometimes found drifting above wheat fields, this Pokémon can control the memories of its opponents.
The younger the life this Pokémon absorbs, the brighter and eerier the flame on its head burns.
It lurks in cities, pretending to be a lamp. Once it finds someone whose death is near, it will trail quietly after them.
In homes illuminated by Chandelure instead of lights, funerals were a constant occurrence— or so it’s said.
They play with each other by knocking their large tusks together. Their tusks break sometimes, but they grow back so quickly that it isn’t a concern.
Its skin is as hard as a suit of armor. Fraxure’s favorite strategy is to tackle its opponents, stabbing them with its tusks at the same time.
While usually kindhearted, it can be terrifying if angered. Tusks that can slice through steel beams are how Haxorus deals with its adversaries.
It sniffles before performing a move, using its frosty snot to provide an icy element to any move that needs it.
It swims energetically through frigid seas. When it gets tired, it freezes the seawater with its breath so it can rest on the ice.

It has a strange physiology that responds to electricity. When together with Karrablast, Shelmet evolves for some reason.
Discarding its shell made it nimble. To keep itself from dehydrating, it wraps its body in bands of membrane.
For some reason, this Pokémon smiles slightly when it emits a strong electric current from the yellow markings on its body.



This Pokémon was created from clay. It received orders from its master many thousands of years ago, and it still follows those orders to this day.
There’s a theory that inside Golurk is a perpetual motion machine that produces limitless energy, but this belief hasn’t been proven.
A pack of these Pokémon forms to serve a Bisharp boss. Each Pawniard trains diligently, dreaming of one day taking the lead.
Violent conflicts erupt between Bisharp and Fraxure over places where sharpening stones can be found.

A combative Pokémon, it’s ready to pick a fight with anyone. It has talons that can crush hard berries.
Because this Pokémon is hotheaded and belligerent, it’s Corviknight that’s taken the role of transportation in Galar.
Vullaby grow quickly. Bones that have gotten too small for older Vullaby to wear often get passed down to younger ones in the nest.
They adorn themselves with bones. There seem to be fashion trends among them, as different bones come into and fall out of popularity.
A flame serves as its tongue, melting through the hard shell of Durant so that Heatmor can devour their insides.
With their large mandibles, these Pokémon can crunch their way through rock. They work together to protect their eggs from Sandaconda.
Because it can’t see, this Pokémon is constantly biting at everything it touches, trying to keep track of its surroundings.
Their two heads will fight each other over a single piece of food. Zweilous are covered in scars even without battling others.
The three heads take turns sinking their teeth into the opponent. Their attacks won’t slow until their target goes down.


From the moment it’s born, this Pokémon radiates the air of a leader. Its presence will calm even vicious foes.
In Unovan legend, Terrakion battled against humans in an effort to protect other Pokémon.
It darts around opponents with a flurry of quick movements, slicing them up with its horns.


According to myth, if people ignore truth and let themselves become consumed by greed, Reshiram will arrive to burn their kingdoms down.
Mythology tells us that if people lose the righteousness in their hearts, their kingdoms will be razed by Zekrom’s lightning.

It appears that this Pokémon uses its powers over ice to freeze its own body in order to stabilize its cellular structure.
They say that Keldeo must survive harsh battles and fully develop the horn on its forehead before this Pokémon’s true power will awaken.











It’s very sensitive to danger. The sound of Corviknight’s flapping will have Bunnelby digging a hole to hide underground in moments.
The fur on its belly retains heat exceptionally well. People used to make heavy winter clothing from fur shed by this Pokémon.













Wanting to make sure it’s taken seriously, Pancham’s always giving others a glare. But if it’s not focusing, it ends up smiling.
Using its leaf, Pangoro can predict the moves of its opponents. It strikes with punches that can turn a dump truck into scrap with just one hit.

There’s enough psychic power in Espurr to send a wrestler flying, but because this power can’t be controlled, Espurr finds it troublesome.
The defensive instinct of the males is strong. It’s when they’re protecting themselves or their partners that they unleash their full power.
The blue eye on the sword’s handguard is the true body of Honedge. With its old cloth, it drains people’s lives away.
The two swords employ a strategy of rapidly alternating between offense and defense to bring down their prey.
Its potent spectral powers allow it to manipulate others. It once used its powers to force people and Pokémon to build a kingdom to its liking.
The scent its body gives off enraptures those who smell it. Noble ladies had no shortage of love for Spritzee.
The scents Aromatisse can produce range from sweet smells that bolster allies to foul smells that sap an opponent’s will to fight.
The sweet smell of cotton candy perfumes Swirlix’s fluffy fur. This Pokémon spits out sticky string to tangle up its enemies.
Slurpuff’s fur contains a lot of air, making it soft to the touch and lighter than it looks.
By exposing foes to the blinking of its luminescent spots, Inkay demoralizes them, and then it seizes the chance to flee.
It’s said that Malamar’s hypnotic powers played a role in certain history-changing events.
If the two don’t work well together, both their offense and defense fall apart. Without good teamwork, they won’t survive.
Having an eye on each palm allows it to keep watch in all directions. In a pinch, its limbs start to act on their own to ensure the enemy’s defeat.




The sun powers this Pokémon’s electricity generation. Interruption of that process stresses Helioptile to the point of weakness.
One Heliolisk basking in the sun with its frill outspread is all it would take to produce enough electricity to power a city.




There’s a Galarian fairy tale that describes a beautiful Sylveon vanquishing a dreadful dragon Pokémon.
It always strikes a pose before going for its finishing move. Sometimes opponents take advantage of that time to counterattack.


Their horns are powerful sensors. As soon as Goomy pick up any sign of enemies, they go into hiding. This is how they’ve survived.
The lump on its back contains its tiny brain. It thinks only of food and escaping its enemies.
Its form of offense is forcefully stretching out its horns. The strikes land 100 times harder than any blow from a heavyweight boxer.

With a voice like a human child’s, it cries out to lure adults deep into the forest, getting them lost among the trees.
Small roots that extend from the tips of this Pokémon’s feet can tie into the trees of the forest and give Trevenant control over them.
The light that streams out from the holes in the pumpkin can hypnotize and control the people and Pokémon that see it.
In the darkness of a new-moon night, Gourgeist will come knocking. Whoever answers the door will be swept off to the afterlife.
This Pokémon lives in areas of frigid cold. It secures itself to the back of an Avalugg by freezing its feet in place.
As Avalugg moves about during the day, the cracks in its body deepen. The Pokémon’s body returns to a pristine state overnight.
No wavelength of sound is beyond Noibat’s ability to produce. The ultrasonic waves it generates can overcome much larger Pokémon.
Flying through the darkness, it weakens enemies with ultrasonic waves that could crush stone. Its fangs finish the fight.






During the day, it builds up energy via photosynthesis. At night, it flies silently through the sky, on the prowl for prey.
It never slacks when it comes to the task of cleaning its feathers. Thorough preening keeps it looking spiffy and its blade quills nice and sharp.
In a tenth of a second, it can nock and fire an arrow quill, piercing an opponent’s weak point before they notice what’s happening.
Trying to pet Litten before it trusts you will result in a nasty scratch from its sharp claws. Be careful.
When facing a powerful enemy, Torracat’s fighting spirit gets pumped up, and its fire bell blazes hotter.
Incineroar’s rough and aggressive behavior is its most notable trait, but the way it helps out small Pokémon shows that it has a kind side as well.
If Popplio want to create big, powerful balloons, they must be persistent. It takes daily practice for these Pokémon to develop their skills.
On nights when the sea is calm, Brionne dance with one another to the singing of the Primarina that’s leading them.
For Primarina, every battle’s a stage. Its singing and the dancing of its balloons will mesmerize the audience.





It uses its big jaws to dig nests into the forest floor, and it loves to feed on sweet tree sap.
Its digestive processes convert the leaves it eats into electricity. An electric sac in its belly stores the electricity for later use.
If it carries a Charjabug to use as a spare battery, a flying Vikavolt can rapidly fire high-powered beams of electricity.



An opponent’s aura can tell Cutiefly what that opponent’s next move will be. Then Cutiefly can glide around the attack and strike back.
Ribombee absolutely hate getting wet or rained on. In the cloudy Galar region, they are very seldom seen.


When it senses danger, its eyes tear up. The sparkle of its tears signals other Wishiwashi to gather.
Unlike their Alolan counterparts, the Mareanie of the Galar region have not yet figured out that the branches of Corsola are delicious.
Within the poison sac in its body is a poison so toxic that Pokémon as large as Wailord will still be suffering three days after it first takes effect.
It eats dirt to create mud and smears this mud all over its feet, giving them the grip needed to walk on rough terrain without slipping.
Mudsdale has so much stamina that it could carry over 10 tons across the Galar region without rest or sleep.
Dewpider normally lives underwater. When it comes onto land in search of food, it takes water with it in the form of a bubble on its head.
It acts as a caretaker for Dewpider, putting them inside its bubble and letting them eat any leftover food.


Morelull live in forests that stay dark even during the day. They scatter flickering spores that put enemies to sleep.
If you see a light deep in a forest at night, don’t go near. Shiinotic will make you fall fast asleep.
This sneaky Pokémon will slink behind its prey and immobilize it with poisonous gas before the prey even realizes Salandit is there.
The winner of competitions between Salazzle is decided by which one has the most male Salandit with it.
The way it protects itself by flailing its arms may be an adorable sight, but stay well away. This is flailing that can snap thick tree trunks.
The moves it uses to take down its prey would make a martial artist jealous. It tucks subdued prey under its arms to carry them to its nest.
When under attack, it secretes a sweet and delicious sweat. The scent only calls more enemies to it.
Any Corvisquire that pecks at this Pokémon will be greeted with a smack from its sepals followed by a sharp kick.
A kick from the hardened tips of this Pokémon’s legs leaves a wound in the opponent’s body and soul that will never heal.

It knows the forest inside and out. If it comes across a wounded Pokémon, Oranguru will gather medicinal herbs to treat it.
Passimian live in groups of about 20, with each member performing an assigned role. Through cooperation, the group survives.
Wimpod gather in swarms, constantly on the lookout for danger. They scatter the moment they detect an enemy’s presence.
They live in sunken ships or in holes in the seabed. When Golisopod and Grapploct battle, the loser becomes the winner’s meal.


It’s covered in a slime that keeps its skin moist, allowing it to stay on land for days without drying up.
It was modeled after a mighty Pokémon of myth. The mask placed upon it limits its power in order to keep it under control.
The final factor needed to release this Pokémon’s true power was a strong bond with a Trainer it trusts.


Eating sulfur in its volcanic habitat is what causes explosive compounds to develop in its shell. Its droppings are also dangerously explosive.
When it’s in trouble, it curls up into a ball, makes its fur spikes stand on end, and then discharges electricity indiscriminately.
There was a scientist who peeked under Mimikyu’s old rag in the name of research. The scientist died of a mysterious disease.

Drampa is a kind and friendly Pokémon—up until it’s angered. When that happens, it stirs up a gale and flattens everything around.
After lowering its anchor, it waits for its prey. It catches large Wailord and drains their life-force.
Jangmo-o strikes its scales to communicate with others of its kind. Its scales are actually fur that’s become as hard as metal.
Before attacking its enemies, it clashes its scales together and roars. Its sharp claws shred the opposition.
Certain ruins have paintings of ancient warriors wearing armor made of Kommo-o scales.




Cosmog is very curious but not very cautious, often placing itself in danger. If things start to look dicey, it teleports away.
It sucks in dust from the air at an astounding rate, frantically building up energy within its core as preparation for evolution.
Solgaleo was once known as the Beast That Devours the Sun. Energy in the form of light radiates boundlessly from it.
It steals the light from its surroundings and then becomes the full moon, showering its own light across the night sky.







It needs light to survive, and it goes on a rampage seeking it out. Its laser beams will cut anything to pieces.

This Pokémon can conceal itself in any shadow, so it went undiscovered for a long time.




Electricity sparks from the pads on its limbs. Wherever Zeraora runs, lightning flashes and thunder echoes.
They live as a group, but when the time comes, one strong Meltan will absorb all the others and evolve.
Centrifugal force is behind the punches of Melmetal’s heavy hex-nut arms. Melmetal is said to deliver the strongest punches of all Pokémon.
It attacks with rapid beats of its stick. As it strikes with amazing speed, it gets more and more pumped.
When it’s drumming out rapid beats in battle, it gets so caught up in the rhythm that it won’t even notice that it’s already knocked out its opponent.
The one with the best drumming techniques becomes the boss of the troop. It has a gentle disposition and values harmony among its group.
It has special pads on the backs of its feet, and one on its nose. Once it’s raring to fight, these pads radiate tremendous heat.
It kicks berries right off the branches of trees and then juggles them with its feet, practicing its footwork.
It’s skilled at both offense and defense, and it gets pumped up when cheered on. But if it starts showboating, it could put itself in a tough spot.
When it gets wet, its skin changes color, and this Pokémon becomes invisible as if it were camouflaged.
Highly intelligent but also very lazy, it keeps enemies out of its territory by laying traps everywhere.
Its nictitating membranes let it pick out foes’ weak points so it can precisely blast them with water that shoots from its fingertips at Mach 3.
It eats berries nonstop—a habit that has made it more resilient than it looks. It’ll show up on farms, searching for yet more berries.
Common throughout the Galar region, this Pokémon has strong teeth and can chew through the toughest of berry shells.
Jumping nimbly about, this small-bodied Pokémon takes advantage of even the slightest opportunity to disorient larger opponents.
The lessons of many harsh battles have taught it how to accurately judge an opponent’s strength.
With their great intellect and flying skills, these Pokémon very successfully act as the Galar region’s airborne taxi service.
Often found in gardens, this Pokémon has hairs on its body that it uses to assess its surroundings.
As it grows inside its shell, it uses its psychic abilities to monitor the outside world and prepare for evolution.
It emits psychic energy to observe and study what’s around it—and what’s around it can include things over six miles away.
Cunning and cautious, this Pokémon survives by stealing food from others. It erases its tracks with swipes of its tail as it makes off with its plunder.
With a lithe body and sharp claws, it goes around stealing food and eggs. Boltund is its natural enemy.
It whirls around in the wind while singing a joyous song. This delightful display has charmed many into raising this Pokémon.
The cotton on the head of this Pokémon can be spun into a glossy, gorgeous yarn—a Galar regional specialty.
If its fleece grows too long, Wooloo won’t be able to move. Cloth made with the wool of this Pokémon is surprisingly strong.
Its majestic horns are meant only to impress the opposite gender. They never see use in battle.
It starts off battles by attacking with its rock-hard horn, but as soon as the opponent flinches, this Pokémon bites down and never lets go.
This Pokémon rapidly extends its retractable neck to sink its sharp fangs into distant enemies and take them down.
This gluttonous Pokémon only assists people with their work because it wants treats. As it runs, it crackles with electricity.
It sends electricity through its legs to boost their strength. Running at top speed, it easily breaks 50 mph.
It can race around like a unicycle, even on rough, rocky terrain. Burning coal sustains it.
By rapidly rolling its legs, it can travel at over 18 mph. The temperature of the flames it breathes exceeds 1,800 degrees Fahrenheit.
While it’s engaged in battle, its mountain of coal will burn bright red, sending off sparks that scorch the surrounding area.
As soon as it’s born, it burrows into an apple. Not only does the apple serve as its food source, but the flavor of the fruit determines its evolution.
It flies on wings of apple skin and spits a powerful acid. It can also change its shape into that of an apple.
Its body is covered in sweet nectar, and the skin on its back is especially yummy. Children used to have it as a snack.
It spews sand from its nostrils. While the enemy is blinded, it burrows into the ground to hide.
Its unique style of coiling allows it to blast sand out of its sand sac more efficiently.
This hungry Pokémon swallows Arrokuda whole. Occasionally, it makes a mistake and tries to swallow a Pokémon other than its preferred prey.
After it’s eaten its fill, its movements become extremely sluggish. That’s when Cramorant swallows it up.
It spins its tail fins to propel itself, surging forward at speeds of over 100 knots before ramming prey and spearing into them.
It manipulates the chemical makeup of its poison to produce electricity. The voltage is weak, but it can cause a tingling paralysis.
This short-tempered and aggressive Pokémon chugs stagnant water to absorb any toxins it might contain.
It wraps prey up with its heated body, cooking them in its coils. Once they’re well-done, it will voraciously nibble them down to the last morsel.
While its burning body is already dangerous on its own, this excessively hostile Pokémon also has large and very sharp fangs.
Its tentacles tear off easily, but it isn’t alarmed when that happens—it knows they’ll grow back. It’s about as smart as a three-year-old.
Searching for an opponent to test its skills against, it emerges onto land. Once the battle is over, it returns to the sea.
The teacup in which this Pokémon makes its home is a famous piece of antique tableware. Many forgeries are in circulation.
Leaving leftover black tea unattended is asking for this Pokémon to come along and pour itself into it, turning the tea into a new Polteageist.
If this Pokémon senses a strong emotion, it will run away as fast as it can. It prefers areas without people.
Using the braids on its head, it pummels foes to get them to quiet down. One blow from those braids would knock out a professional boxer.
If you’re too loud around it, you risk being torn apart by the claws on its tentacle. This Pokémon is also known as the Forest Witch.
It sneaks into people’s homes, stealing things and feasting on the negative energy of the frustrated occupants.
With sly cunning, it tries to lure people into the woods. Some believe it to have the power to make crops grow.
Its hairs work like muscle fibers. When its hairs unfurl, they latch on to opponents, ensnaring them as tentacles would.
It evolved after experiencing numerous fights. While crossing its arms, it lets out a shout that would make any opponent flinch.
After many battles, it evolved dangerous claws that come together to form daggers when extended.
Be cautious of the ectoplasmic body surrounding its soul. You’ll become stiff as stone if you touch it.
After deflecting attacks with its hard leaf shield, it strikes back with its sharp leek stalk. The leek stalk is both weapon and food.
Its amusing movements make it very popular. It releases its psychic power from the pattern on its belly.
Never touch its shadowlike body, or you’ll be shown the horrific memories behind the picture carved into it.
They say that any patisserie visited by Milcery is guaranteed success and good fortune.
When Alcremie is content, the cream it secretes from its hands becomes sweeter and richer.
The six of them work together as one Pokémon. Teamwork is also their battle strategy, and they constantly change their formation as they fight.
It stores electricity in each spine. Even if one gets broken off, it still continues to emit electricity for at least three hours.
It eats snow that piles up on the ground. The more snow it eats, the bigger and more impressive the spikes on its back grow.
It shows no mercy to any who desecrate fields and mountains. It will fly around on its icy wings, causing a blizzard to chase offenders away.
Once a year, on a specific date and at a specific time, they gather out of nowhere and form up in a circle.
This Pokémon keeps its heat-sensitive head cool with ice. It fishes for its food, dangling its single hair into the sea to lure in prey.
Through its horns, it can pick up on the emotions of creatures around it. Positive emotions are the source of its strength.
It carries electrically roasted seeds with it as if they’re precious treasures. No matter how much it eats, it always gets hungry again in short order.
If a job requires serious strength, this Pokémon will excel at it. Its copper body tarnishes in the rain, turning a vibrant green color.
These Pokémon live in herds. Their trunks have incredible grip strength, strong enough to crush giant rocks into powder.
The powerful muscles in its tail generate its electricity. Compared to its lower body, its upper half is entirely too small.
This Pokémon lived on prehistoric seashores and was able to preserve food with the ice on its body. It went extinct because it moved so slowly.
Its mighty legs are capable of running at speeds exceeding 40 mph, but this Pokémon can’t breathe unless it’s underwater.
The skin on its face is impervious to attack, but breathing difficulties made this Pokémon go extinct anyway.
The special metal that composes its body is very light, so this Pokémon has considerable agility. It lives in caves because it dislikes the rain.
If this weak Pokémon is by itself, a mere child could defeat it. But if Dreepy has friends to help it train, it can evolve and become much stronger.
Without a Dreepy to place on its head and care for, it gets so uneasy it’ll try to substitute any Pokémon it finds for the missing Dreepy.
Apparently the Dreepy inside Dragapult’s horns eagerly look forward to being launched out at Mach speeds.
This Pokémon has slumbered for many years. Some say it’s Zamazenta’s elder sister—others say the two Pokémon are rivals.
This Pokémon slept for aeons while in the form of a statue. It was asleep for so long, people forgot that it ever existed.
It was inside a meteorite that fell 20,000 years ago. There seems to be a connection between this Pokémon and the Dynamax phenomenon.



The flame inside its body burns hotter than 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit. When Charizard roars, that temperature climbs even higher.

Once it has opponents trapped in a tornado that could blow away a 10-ton truck, it finishes them off with its poisonous scales.





This Pikachu is wearing its Trainer’s cap. The cap is proof that the two traveled across many regions together.
This Pikachu is wearing its Trainer’s cap. The cap is proof that the two traveled throughout the Hoenn region together.
This Pikachu is wearing its Trainer’s cap. The cap is proof that the two traveled throughout the Sinnoh region together.
This Pikachu is wearing its Trainer’s cap. The cap is proof that the two traveled throughout the Unova region together.
This Pikachu is wearing its Trainer’s cap. The cap is proof that the two traveled throughout the Kalos region together
This Pikachu is wearing its Trainer’s cap. The cap is proof that the two traveled throughout the Alola region together.
This Pikachu is wearing its Trainer’s cap. The cap is a precious symbol of a fateful encounter.

When it smashes its opponents with its bolt- shaped tail, it delivers a surge of electricity equivalent to a lightning strike.
This Pokémon rides on its tail while it uses its psychic powers to levitate. It attacks with star-shaped thunderbolts.


If you observe its curly hairs through a microscope, you’ll see small ice particles springing up.
While it will guide travelers who get lost on a snowy mountain down to the mountain’s base, it won’t forgive anyone who harms nature.
Its three hairs change shape depending on Diglett’s mood. They’re a useful communication tool among these Pokémon.
The three of them get along very well. Through their formidable teamwork, they defeat powerful opponents.
Deeply proud and keenly smart, this Pokémon moves with cunning during battle and relentlessly attacks enemies’ weak points.
These daring Pokémon have coins on their foreheads. Darker coins are harder, and harder coins garner more respect among Meowth.
Its body has grown incredibly long and the coin on its forehead has grown incredibly large—all thanks to Gigantamax power.
This Pokémon is one tough opponent. Not only does it have formidable physical abilities, but it’s also not above fighting dirty.

One of these Pokémon once used its immeasurable strength to lift a large ship that was in trouble. It then carried the ship to port.



This Pokémon will look into your eyes and read the contents of your heart. If it finds evil there, it promptly hides away.
Brave and prideful, this Pokémon dashes airily through the forest, its steps aided by the psychic power stored in the fur on its fetlocks.

The stalks of leeks are thicker and longer in the Galar region. Farfetch’d that adapted to these stalks took on a unique form.



It lays traps, hoping to steal the lives of those it catches. If you stand in front of its mouth, you’ll hear your loved ones’ voices calling out to you.
The bubbles it spews out are strongly alkaline. Any opponents hit by them will have their bodies quickly melted away.



Long ago, during a time when droves of factories fouled the air with pollution, Weezing changed into this form for some reason.

It can radiate chilliness from the bottoms of its feet. It’ll spend the whole day tap-dancing on a frozen floor.


It surrounds itself with a huge ring of gathered ice particles. It uses the ring to smash any icebergs that might impede its graceful swimming.

Having gotten even friendlier and more innocent, Eevee tries to play with anyone around, only to end up crushing them with its immense body.

Terrifyingly strong, this Pokémon is the size of a mountain—and moves about as much as one as well.

































Sudden climate change wiped out this ancient kind of Corsola. This Pokémon absorbs others’ life-force through its branches.





Thought to be the oldest form of Zigzagoon, it moves in zigzags and wreaks havoc upon its surroundings.
This very aggressive Pokémon will recklessly challenge opponents stronger than itself.































The faint scent that emanates from its full blossom entices bug Pokémon to it.
Its appearance changes depending on the environment. One theory suggests that living in cold seas causes Shellos to take on this form.
Its body is covered in a sticky slime. It’s very susceptible to dehydration, so it can’t spend too much time on land.





This form of Rotom enjoys making mischief by turning up the heat. It will gleefully burn your favorite outfit.
This Rotom has possessed a washing machine that uses a special motor. It blasts out water to get enemies to back down.
When it’s like this, Rotom likes to play pranks that are freezing cold. You may find it’s turned the bath you just filled to solid ice!
This Rotom has taken over a fan that has a special motor. Its gusts of wind blow its opponents away!
In this form, Rotom focuses its antics on plants. Any flowers you were growing are going to get mowed down.



















This Pokémon is intelligent and intensely proud. People will sit up and take notice if you become the Trainer of one.

Known for their violence, these Pokémon have the most fights with schools of red- striped Basculin.
The colder they get, the more energetic they are. They freeze their breath to make snowballs, using them as ammo for playful snowball fights.
When wounded, it stops moving. It goes as still as stone to meditate, sharpening its mind and spirit.
Though it has a gentle disposition, it’s also very strong. It will quickly freeze the snowball on its head before going for a headbutt.
Darmanitan takes this form when enraged. It won’t stop spewing flames until its rage has settled, even if its body starts to melt.
It’s said that this Pokémon was formed when an ancient clay tablet was drawn to a vengeful spirit.
It sprays toxic gas from its mouth and fingers. If the gas engulfs you, the toxins will seep in all the way down to your bones.






Its thin, veillike arms have tens of thousands of poisonous stingers. Females have slightly longer stingers.
The crown on its head gets bigger and bigger as it absorbs more and more of the life-force of other creatures.
Its conspicuous lips lure prey in as it lies in wait in the mud. When prey gets close, Stunfisk clamps its jagged steel fins down on them.



It has foreseen that a world of truth will arrive for people and Pokémon. It strives to protect that future.
The sameness of Zekrom’s and Kyurem’s genes allowed Kyurem to absorb Zekrom. Kyurem can now use the power of both electricity and ice.
The power that lay hidden in its body now covers its horn, turning it into a sword that can slice through anything.






















































































If it doesn’t hold back when it unleashes its psychic power, it can tear apart a tanker. Its unfriendliness is part of its charm.
Once upon a time, a king with an Aegislash reigned over the land. His Pokémon eventually drained him of life, and his kingdom fell with him.
Small Pumpkaboo are said to be the product of areas where few lost souls lingered.
Large Pumpkaboo are said to be the product of areas where many lost souls lingered.
Massive Pumpkaboo are said to be the product of areas where a great number of lost souls lingered.
A small-sized Pumpkaboo evolves into a small-sized Gourgeist. Its bodily proportions also get passed on to its descendants.
A large-sized Pumpkaboo evolves into a large-sized Gourgeist. Its bodily proportions also get passed on to its descendants.
A supersized Pumpkaboo evolves into a supersized Gourgeist. Its bodily proportions also get passed on to its descendants.
















When facing tough opponents, they get into formation. But if they get wounded in battle, they’ll scatter and become solitary again.



It has the ability to change its type based on the memory it’s holding. This is its Fighting-type form.
It has the ability to change its type based on the memory it’s holding. This is its Flying-type form.
It has the ability to change its type based on the memory it’s holding. This is its Poison-type form.
It has the ability to change its type based on the memory it’s holding. This is its Ground-type form.
It has the ability to change its type based on the memory it’s holding. This is its Rock-type form.
It has the ability to change its type based on the memory it’s holding. This is its Bug-type form.
It has the ability to change its type based on the memory it’s holding. This is its Ghost-type form.
It has the ability to change its type based on the memory it’s holding. This is its Steel-type form.
It has the ability to change its type based on the memory it’s holding. This is its Fire-type form.
It has the ability to change its type based on the memory it’s holding. This is its Water-type form.
It has the ability to change its type based on the memory it’s holding. This is its Grass-type form.
It has the ability to change its type based on the memory it’s holding. This is its Electric-type form.
It has the ability to change its type based on the memory it’s holding. This is its Psychic-type form.
It has the ability to change its type based on the memory it’s holding. This is its Ice-type form.
It has the ability to change its type based on the memory it’s holding. This is its Dragon-type form.
It has the ability to change its type based on the memory it’s holding. This is its Dark-type form.
It has the ability to change its type based on the memory it’s holding. This is its Fairy-type form.














Its disguise made from an old rag allowed it to avoid an attack, but the impact broke the neck of the disguise. Now everyone knows it’s a Mimikyu.



Necrozma has attached itself to Solgaleo. It siphons away its host’s limitless energy, exploiting that energy to fuel a rampage.
When Necrozma latches on to Lunala, it becomes vicious, seeing enemies everywhere it looks. It will burn the world with lasers.


It can send electric beams streaking out from the hole in its belly. The beams’ tremendous energy can vaporize an opponent in one shot.
The eight feathers on its back are called blade birds, and they can launch off its body to attack foes independently.
If it were to utilize every last bit of its power, it could control the minds of every living being in its vicinity.
In the Galar region, there’s a tale about this Pokémon chewing up a mountain and using the rubble to stop a flood.
When Galar was hit by a harsh cold wave, this Pokémon served as a giant heating stove and saved many lives.
If it stretches its neck, the strong aroma of its nectar pours out. The scent is so sickeningly sweet that one whiff makes other Pokémon faint.
Due to Gigantamax energy, this Pokémon’s nectar has thickened. The increased viscosity lets the nectar absorb more damage than before.
Sand swirls around its body with such speed and power that it could pulverize a skyscraper.
The slightest shock is sometimes enough to get this Pokémon to spit out the Arrokuda lodged in its throat.
The half-swallowed Pikachu is so startled that it isn’t struggling yet, but it’s still looking for a chance to strike back.
It has an electrical organ on its chest. While generating electricity, it fills its surroundings with what sounds like the strumming of a bass guitar.
Out of control after its own poison penetrated its brain, it tears across the land in a rampage, contaminating the earth with toxic sweat.
The heat that comes off a Gigantamax Centiskorch may destabilize air currents. Sometimes it can even cause storms.
It absorbs the life-force of those who drink it. It waits patiently, but opportunities are fleeting— it tastes so bad that it gets spat out immediately.
When angered, it launches tea from its body at the offender’s mouth. The tea causes strong chills if swallowed.
Beams like lightning shoot down from its tentacles. It’s known to some as the Raging Goddess.
Gigantamax energy has caused more hair to sprout all over its body. With the added strength, it can jump over the world’s tallest building.
The cells that compose its cream fluctuated suddenly during evolution, giving the cream a sweet and tart flavor.
The cells that compose its cream fluctuated suddenly during evolution, giving the cream an aromatic flavor.
The cells that compose its cream fluctuated suddenly during evolution, giving the cream a refreshing flavor.
The cells that compose its cream fluctuated suddenly during evolution, giving the cream a sour flavor.
The cells that compose its cream fluctuated suddenly during evolution, giving the cream a salty flavor.
The cells that compose its cream fluctuated suddenly during evolution, giving the cream a mixed flavor.
The cells that compose its cream fluctuated suddenly during evolution, giving the cream a bitter flavor.
The cells that compose its cream fluctuated suddenly during evolution, giving the cream a complex flavor.
It launches swarms of missiles, each made of cream and loaded with 100,000 kilocalories. Get hit by one of these, and your head will swim.
The hair on its head connects to the surface of its brain. When this Pokémon has something on its mind, its hair chills the air around it.
They diligently serve people and Pokémon so they can gather feelings of gratitude. The females are particularly good at babysitting.
Hunger hormones affect its temperament. Until its hunger is appeased, it gets up to all manner of evil deeds.
After this Pokémon has Gigantamaxed, its massive nose can utterly demolish large structures with a single smashing blow.
The hardness of its cells is exceptional, even among Steel types. It also has a body structure that’s resistant to earthquakes.
Able to cut down anything with a single strike, it became known as the Fairy King’s Sword, and it inspired awe in friend and foe alike.
Now that it’s equipped with its shield, it can shrug off impressive blows, including the attacks of Dynamax Pokémon.
[~ 1263]
Infinite amounts of energy pour from this Pokémon’s enlarged core, warping the surrounding space-time.