Caterpie
Perhaps because it would like to grow up quickly, it has a voracious appetite, eating a hundred leaves a day.

Metapod
Its shell is filled with a thick liquid. All of the cells throughout its body are being rebuilt in preparation for evolution.

Butterfree
Its wings are covered in toxic scales. If it finds bird Pokémon going after Caterpie, Butterfree sprinkles its scales on them to drive them off.

Rattata
Its incisors grow continuously throughout its life. If its incisors get too long, this Pokémon becomes unable to eat, and it starves to death.

Rattata - Alola
It shows no interest in anything that isn’t fresh. If you take it shopping with you, it will help you pick out ingredients.

Raticate
People say that it fled from its enemies by using its small webbed hind feet to swim from island to island in Alola.

Raticate - Alola
It has an incredibly greedy personality. Its nest is filled with so much food gathered by Rattata at its direction, it can’t possibly eat it all.

Spearow
Its reckless nature leads it to stand up to other(even large Pokémon) if it has to protect its territory.

Fearow
Carrying food through Fearow’s territory is dangerous. It will snatch the food away from you in a flash!

Ekans
By dislocating its jaw, it can swallow prey larger than itself. After a meal, it curls up and rests.

Arbok
The latest research has determined that there are over 20 possible arrangements of the patterns on its stomach.

Pikachu
Its nature is to store up electricity. Forests where nests of Pikachu live are dangerous, since the trees are so often struck by lightning.

Pikachu - Cap
This form of Pikachu is somewhat rare. It wears the hat of its Trainer, who is also its partner.

Raichu
As electricity builds up inside its body, it becomes more aggressive. One theory is that the electricity buildup is actually causing stress.

Raichu - Alola
It focuses psychic energy into its tail and rides it like it’s surfing. Another name for this Pokémon is “hodad.”

Sandshrew
It lives in areas of limited rainfall. When danger approaches, it curls up into a ball to protect its soft stomach.

Sandshrew - Alola
After fleeing a volcanic eruption, it ended up moving to an area of snowy mountains. Its ice shell is as hard as steel.

Sandslash
Its claws and horns often break off. The broken claws and horns can be used to carve plows for tilling farm fields.

Sandslash - Alola
It runs across snow-covered plains at high speeds. It developed thick, sharp claws to plow through the snow.

Clefairy
They’re popular, but they’re rare. Trainers who show them off recklessly may be targeted by thieves.

Clefable
It can’t help but hear a pin drop from over half a mile away, so it lives deep in the mountains where there aren’t many people or Pokémon.

Vulpix
Its beautiful tails have made it very popular. However, if it’s not brushed diligently, it will be a mass of tangles before you know it.

Vulpix - Alola
If you carelessly approach it because it’s cute, the boss of the pack, Ninetales, will appear and freeze you.

Ninetales
It is vindictive and relentless by nature. Those who cross it even once will be cursed for a thousand years, along with their descendants.

Ninetales - Alola
The reason it guides people all the way down to the mountain’s base is that it wants them to hurry up and leave.

Jigglypuff
Recordings of Jigglypuff’s strange lullabies can be purchased from department stores. These CDs can be found near the bedding area.

Wigglytuff
Thanks to its bouncy body and fine fur, this Pokémon is sought after. Holding one in your arms while you sleep feels great.

Zubat
It has no eyeballs, so it can’t see. It checks its surroundings via the ultrasonic waves it emits from its mouth.

Golbat
Every once in a while, you’ll see a Golbat that’s missing some fangs. This happens when hunger drives it to try biting a Steel-type Pokémon.

Paras
Whether it’s due to a lack of moisture or a lack of nutrients, in Alola the mushrooms on Paras don’t grow up quite right.

Parasect
The bug is mostly dead, with the mushroom on its back having become the main body. If the mushroom comes off, the bug stops moving.

Diglett
It travels through tunnels that it digs underground. It hates sunlight, so it comes out only after the sun goes down.

Diglett - Alola
Although it’s powerful enough to dig right through volcanic rock, it doesn’t allow itself to be seen very often.

Dugtrio
While the three of them normally get along splendidly, on rare occasions a huge fight will break out over which head gets to eat first.

Dugtrio - Alola
Its metallic whiskers are heavy, so it’s not very fast, but it has the power to dig through bedrock.

Meowth
When visiting a junkyard, you may catch sight of it having an intense fight with Murkrow over shiny objects.

Meowth - Alola
It’s impulsive, selfish, and fickle. It’s very popular with some Trainers who like giving it the attention it needs.

Persian
Although the jewel on its forehead appears to be a different color than those of Alolan Persian, it’s mostly made of the same material.

Persian - Alola
In contrast to its lovely face, it’s so brutal that it tortures its weakened prey rather than finishing them off.

Psyduck
Using psychokinesis gives it a headache, so it normally passes the time spacing out and doing as little as possible.

Golduck
Even fast-swimming fish Pokémon can be disabled by Golduck. It brings them to a standstill and seizes them.

Mankey
The smallest of things could cause it to lose its temper. Because it doesn’t hold in its stress, this Pokémon can live a long time.

Primeape
It will never forgive opponents who have angered it. Even after it has beaten them down until they can’t move, it never ever forgives.

Growlithe
While it’s quite friendly toward humans once it’s grown used to them, in the wild it must be quite fierce to defend its territory from Rockruff.

Arcanine
Legends tell of its fighting alongside a general and conquering a whole country.

Poliwag
Despite the danger, it wants to come up on land. So it does its best to waddle along, but when an enemy finds it, it rushes back to the water.

Poliwhirl
Although it has become capable of living on land, it spends its time in the water, where its prey, fish Pokémon, are plentiful.

Poliwrath
It’s quite a gifted swimmer, even among Water-type Pokémon, but it normally spends its time on land.

Abra
It uses various psychic powers even while it’s sleeping, so you can’t tell whether or not it’s awake.

Kadabra
It stares at a silver spoon to amplify its psychic powers before it lets loose. Apparently, gold spoons are no good.

Alakazam
Alakazam uses its psychic powers to make the spoons it carries. Each spoon is an original that there’s only one of in the whole world.

Alakazam - Mega
It sends out psychic power from the red organ on its forehead to foresee its opponents’ every move

Machop
Once this Pokémon has gained enough confidence and muscle from training with its friends, it challenges Makuhita to a battle.

Machoke
When it encounters an enemy that’s truly mighty, this Pokémon removes the power-save belt from its waist and unleashes its full power.

Machamp
It grasps its opponents with its four arms and twists them up in an intricate hold. People call it “the Machamp special.”

Tentacool
It drifts through the sea searching for prey. Its poisonous tentacles break off sometimes, but after a while, they grow back.

Tentacruel
It fires off ultrasonic waves from its red orbs to weaken its prey, and then it wraps them up in its 80 tentacles.

Geodude
Geodude that have lived a long life have had all their edges smoothed out until they’re totally round. They also have a calm, quiet disposition.

Geodude - Alola
If you mistake it for a rock and step on it, it will headbutt you in anger. In addition to the pain, it will also zap you with a shock.

Graveler
It climbs up cliffs as it heads toward the peak of a mountain. As soon as it reaches the summit, it rolls back down the way it came.

Graveler - Alola
When two Graveler fight each other, it fills the surroundings with flashes of light and sound. People call it the “fireworks of the earth.”

Golem
When Golem grow old, they stop shedding their shells. Those that have lived a long, long time have shells green with moss.

Golem - Alola
It’s grumpy and stubborn. If you upset it, it discharges electricity from the surface of its body and growls with a voice like thunder.

Slowpoke
There are some places where Slowpoke is worshiped because of a lonStanding belief that whenever slowpoke yawns, it rains. - GMAX

Slowbro
Spacing out is basically all it does. It turns back into Slowpoke if its tail, along with Shellder, breaks off.

Slowbro - Mega
Tremendous energy strengthened the power of the Shellder on its tail, but it doesn’t really affect Slowpoke.

Magnemite
It’s frequently the cause of power outages, which is why some power plants send out electrical signals that it can’t stand.

Magneton
Delicate equipment can malfunction in areas inhabited by Magneton, which send out mysterious electrical signals.

Seel
It has always been supposed that Seel live only in cold seas. Their having shown up in Alola is a mystery.

Dewgong
It swims through the ocean at a speed of eight knots, searching for Pokémon that will become its prey. It’s especially fond of Wishiwashi.

Grimer
It was born from sludge on the ocean floor. In a sterile environment, the germs within its body can’t multiply, and it dies.

Grimer - Alola
There are a hundred or so of them living in Alola’s waste-disposal site. They’re all hard workers who eat a lot of trash.

Muk
Their food sources have decreased, and their numbers have declined sharply. Sludge ponds are being built to prevent their extinction.

Muk - Alola
There are over a hundred kinds of poison inside its body. Chemical reactions between different poisons are the source of its vitality.

Shellder
The sand that accumulates inside its shell eventually becomes a pearl. But the pearl gets in the way, so it spits it out and discards it.

Cloyster
If areas of Cloyster’s very hard shell get damaged, those areas swell, gradually growing into large sharp spikes.

Gastly
It’s said that gas emanating from a graveyard was possessed by the grievances of the deceased and thus became a Pokémon.

Haunter
On moonless nights, Haunter searches for someone to curse, so it’s best not to go out walking around.

Gengar
You can hear tales told all over the world about how Gengar will pay a visit to children who are naughty.

Gengar - Mega
It tries to take the lives of anyone and everyone. It will even try to curse the Trainer who is its master!

Drowzee
It can be spotted near recreational facilities, intending to eat the pleasant dreams of children who enjoyed themselves there that day.

Hypno
In Alola, Komala is Hypno’s main target. It rarely harms people.

Exeggcute
Six of them form a single Pokémon. Should one of the six be lost, the next morning there will once more be six.

Exeggutor
It engages its enemies using psychic powers. Each of its three heads fires off psychokinetic energy, tripling its power.

Exeggutor - Alola
Exeggutor is the pride of the Alolan people. Its image is carved into historical buildings and murals.

Cubone
At night, it weeps loudly for its dead mother, but those cries only attract its natural enemy; Mandibuzz.

Marowak
It throws bones at Mandibuzz to knock it down. It’s thought that Marowak is trying to avenge its parent.

Marowak - Alola
The rich greenery of the Alola region is hard on Marowak. It controls fire to stay alive.

Lickitung
It checks out whatever’s around it by licking everything. If you don’t clean off a spot where it’s licked you, you’ll break out in a rash!

Chansey
It seems that other Pokémon’s efforts to take its delicious, nutritious egg away from it caused Chansey to get faster at fleeing.

Kangaskhan
Kangaskhan protects its child by keeping it in its pouch. It has zero forgiveness for those who harm its child and will beat them down.

Kangaskhan - Mega
The explosive energy the child is bathed in causes temporary growth. The mother is beside herself with worry about it.

Goldeen
Although known for their splendid tail fins, Goldeen apparently compete among themselves to see whose horn is thickest and sharpest.

Seaking
Its horn spins like a drill to steadily hollow out rocks; even harder ones. The coloration of the male is more vivid.

Staryu
In many places, there are folktales of stardust falling into the ocean and becoming Staryu.

Starmie
Its sparkling core is called “the gem of the sea” This core can be made into high-priced accessories that are traded in secret.

Mr. Mime
Its pantomime skills are wonderful. You may become enraptured while watching it, but next thing you know, Mr. Mime has made a real wall.

Scyther
Its two sharp scythes are more than just weapons. It uses them with dexterity to dress its prey before eating.

Jynx
It sways its hips to a rhythm all its own. The precise movements of Jynx living in Alola are truly wonderful.

Electabuzz
Electricity permeates its body. It swings its arms round and round to charge up electricity before unleashing a punch.

Magmar
Its entire body is burning. When it breathes, the temperature rises. When it sneezes, flames shoot out!

Pinsir
It gets into territorial disputes with Vikavolt. For some reason, it apparently gets along well with Heracross in Alola.

Pinsir - Mega
After Mega Evolution, it becomes able to fly. Perhaps because it’s so happy, it rarely touches the ground.

Tauros
They live in groups. The one with the longest, thickest, and most-scarred horns is the boss of the herd.

Magikarp
In the distant past, they were fairly strong, but they have become gradually weaker over time.

Gyarados
It fires hyper beams in all directions, burning the surrounding area to ash. There are some regions where it’s called “the deity of destruction.”

Gyarados - Mega
Mega Evolution places a burden on its body. The stress causes it to become all the more ferocious.

Lapras
It likes swimming around with people on its back. In the Alola region, it’s an important means of transportation over water.

Ditto
While it can transform into anything, each Ditto apparently has its own strengths and weaknesses when it comes to transformations.

Eevee
The question of why only Eevee has such unstable genes has still not been solved.

Vaporeon
Clean, clear waters are its usual habitat. When it’s about to be attacked by an invading enemy, it dives into the water to hide.

Jolteon
Its lungs contain an organ that creates electricity. The crackling sound of electricity can be heard when it exhales.

Flareon
If it inhales deeply, that’s a sign it’s about to attack. Prepare to be hit by flames of over 3,000 degrees Fahrenheit!

Porygon
This Pokémon was created using the cuttinEdge science of 20 years ago, so many parts of it have since become obsolete. - GMAX

Omanyte
Omanyte lived in the seas of antiquity. Its fossils have been found bearing bite marks from Archeops, so apparently Archeops preyed on it.

Omastar
Its heavy shell is thought to be the reason this ancient Pokémon died out. It’s apparently a distant ancestor of Octillery.

Kabuto
This Pokémon thrived 300 million years ago. It’s said that living specimens can still be seen in a certain region; a rare sight.

Kabutops
Its body had begun to change so it could function on land. But it didn’t adapt in time and went extinct.

Aerodactyl
Restored from DNA found in amber, this Pokémon exhibited ferocity that was greater than expected. Some casualties resulted.

Aerodactyl - Mega
It will attack anything that moves. Mega Evolution is a burden on its body, so it’s incredibly irritated.

Snorlax
It doesn’t do anything other than eat and sleep. When prompted to make a serious effort, though, it apparently displays awesome power.

Dratini
It’s still weak, so it lurks on the floor of bodies of water, eating whatever food sinks down and living a quiet life.

Dragonair
Lakes where Dragonair live are filled with offerings from people, because they believe this Pokémon is able to control the weather.

Dragonite
It flies over raging seas as if they were nothing. Observing this, a ship’s captain dubbed this Pokémon “the sea incarnate.”

Hoothoot
Every day, it tilts its head in the same rhythm. A long time ago, people raised these Pokémon to serve as clocks.

Noctowl
With eyes that can see in pitch-darkness, it never lets its prey escape. Some even call it “the emperor of dark nights.”

Ledyba
This Pokémon is very sensitive to cold. In the warmth of Alola, it appears quite lively.

Ledian
It’s said that the patterns on its back are related to the stars in the night sky, but the details of that relationship remain unclear.

Spinarak
With threads from its mouth, it fashions sturdy webs that won’t break even if you set a rock on them.

Ariados
Every night, it wanders around in search of prey, whose movements it restrains by spewing threads before it bites into them with its fangs.

Crobat
Its fangs are so sharp, if it bites you in the dark and sucks your blood, you won’t notice any pain or realize you’ve been bitten.

Chinchou
Its two antennae glow softly to lure in prey, making it a useful Pokémon for night fishing.

Lanturn
When the bacteria living inside its antennae absorb Lanturn’s bodily fluids, a strong luminescent effect is produced.

Pichu
It still can’t use electricity well. When it’s surprised or excited, it discharges electricity unintentionally.

Cleffa
On nights with many shooting stars, they gather in packs and dance in circles. If you should see them, something good will happen!

Igglybuff
It’s always practicing its singing because it wants to improve. Even when it’s asleep, it keeps singing in its dreams!

Natu
Although it still can’t fly, its jumping power is outstanding. It jumps way up into trees and plucks the buds from the branches.

Xatu
It’s said that while this Pokémon has the power to predict the future, it’s not powerful enough to change the future it sees.

Mareep
Clothing made from Mareep’s fleece is easily charged with static electricity, so a special process is used on it.

Flaaffy
In the places on its body where fleece doesn’t grow, its skin is rubbery and doesn’t conduct electricity. Those spots are safe to touch.

Ampharos
The light from its tail can be seen from space. This is why you can always tell exactly where it is, which is why it usually keeps the light off.

Ampharos - Mega
Excess energy from Mega Evolution stimulates its genes, and the wool it had lost grows in again.

Sudowoodo
It’s so popular with the elderly that there’s a magazine devoted to this Pokémon. Fans obsess over the particular length and angle of its arms.

Politoed
Although its cries sound like screams, a composer created a beautiful ballad that was influenced by the sounds.

Aipom
As it did more and more with its tail, its hands became clumsy. It makes its nest high in the treetops.

Espeon
Although it originally had no powers at all, people say its precognitive faculties were awakened by its need to protect itself.

Umbreon
This Pokémon is nocturnal. Even in total darkness, its large eyes can spot its prey clearly!

Murkrow
It has a weakness for shiny things. It’s been known to sneak into the nests of Gabite(noted collectors of jewels) in search of treasure.

Slowking
It’s constantly coming up with new ideas that would change the world, but as soon as it hits upon a new idea, it forgets it.

Misdreavus
What gives meaning to its life is surprising others. If you set your ear against the red orbs around its neck, you can hear shrieking.

Pineco
Motionless, it hangs from trees, waiting for its bug Pokémon prey to come to it. Its favorite in Alola is Cutiefly.

Forretress
When something approaches it, it fires off fragments of its steel shell in attack. This is not a conscious action but a conditioned reflex.

Dunsparce
It travels by digging through the ground. Diglett and Dunsparce share one another’s tunnels happily.

Snubbull
It grows close to others easily and is also easily spoiled. The disparity between its face and its actions makes many young people wild about it.

Granbull
While it has powerful jaws, it doesn’t care for disputes, so it rarely has a chance to display their might.

Scizor
Its body is like steel. Its tough, heavy pincers are more suited to smashing enemies than grabbing them.

Scizor - Mega
It stores the excess energy from Mega Evolution, so after a long time passes, its body starts to melt.

Heracross
It’s proud of its thick horn. In Alola, its biggest rival is Vikavolt, which it’s always fighting with.

Heracross - Mega
It can grip things with its two horns and lift 500 times its own body weight.

Sneasel
They will cooperate to steal eggs from the nests of bird Pokémon, but fights break out to determine which one gets to eat the eggs.

Corsola
The pink of Corsola that live in Alola is deep and vibrant, thanks to seas filled with nutrition.

Remoraid
This Pokémon clings to Mantine and shares in its prosperity. When its Mantine is attacked, Remoraid will fight alongside it!

Octillery
The ink it spits when escaping is special. It contains a substance that dulls the sense of smell, so Pokémon with keen noses get lost.

Delibird
It shares its food with people who are stranded. Because Delibird is omnivorous, sometimes it gives those people bug Pokémon.

Mantine
Postcards and posters featuring Mantine leaping elegantly above the waves are popular souvenirs of Alola.

Skarmory
The wing feathers it sheds can be processed and made into knives whose sharpness is recognized by the finest chefs.

Houndour
It cooperates with others skillfully. When it becomes your partner, it’s very loyal to you as its Trainer and will obey your orders.

Houndoom
They spew flames mixed with poison to finish off their opponents. They divvy up their prey evenly among the members of their pack.

Houdoom - Mega
Its red claws and the tips of its tail are melting from high internal temperatures that are painful to Houndoom itself.

Porygon2
AI has been installed in it. It learns various things all on its own, but it even remembers things it doesn’t need to know.

Smeargle
The fluid of Smeargle’s tail secretions changes in the intensity of its hue as the Pokémon’s emotions change.

Smoochum
When it examines things, before touching them with its hands, it makes lip contact and then diligently licks all the dirt off its lips.

Elekid
When it hears the crash of thunder, Elekid’s mood improves. It can be useful to record that sound and play it when Elekid’s feeling down.

Magby
When flames drip from its nose, that means it has a cold. Have it lie down for a nice rest in some magma.

Miltank
It produces over five gallons of milk a day. The higher the quality of the pastures it lives in, the richer and tastier its milk becomes.

Blissey
Their eggs are such a delicacy that some say eating one will bring you happiness. These eggs fetch the highest prices on the market.

Larvitar
Born underground, it eats its way through dirt to the surface, where its parents are. It doesn’t deal well with the bright light it finds there.

Pupitar
This troublesome Pokémon can’t wait to evolve, so it relieves its stress by wildly propelling itself around using compressed gas.

Tyranitar
It wanders through the mountains seeking opponents to fight. If it finds an opponent that’s not worthy, Tyranitar ignores it and wanders on.

Tyranitar - Mega
Due to the colossal power poured into it, this Pokémon’s back split right open. Its destructive instincts are the only thing keeping it moving.

Wingull
With its long, thin wings, it catches updrafts and flies like a glider high up into the sky.

Pelipper
It places small Pokémon into its spacious beak and carries them around. No one knows where it’s taking them.

Surskit
If it’s in a pinch, it will secrete a sweet liquid from the tip of its head. Syrup made from gathering that liquid is tasty on bread.

Masquerain
Masquerain intimidates enemies with the eyelike patterns of its eyespots. If that doesn’t work, it deftly makes its escape on its set of four wings.

Makuhita
It practices its slaps by repeatedly slapping tree trunks. It has been known to slap an Exeggutor and get flung away.

Hariyama
Although they enjoy comparing their strength, they’re also kind. They value etiquette, praising opponents they battle.

Nosepass
It moves less than an inch a year, but when it’s in a jam, it will spin and drill down into the ground in a split second.

Sableye
It digs through the ground with its hard claws and crunches down gems with its thick pointy teeth. Carbink is its favorite food.

Sableye - Mega
Bathed in the energy of Mega Evolution, the gemstone on its chest expands, rips through its skin, and falls out.

Mawile
A cunning and terrifying Pokémon, its cuteness makes opponents let down their guard; and then it swallows them whole with its huge jaws.

Mawile - Mega
It has an extremely vicious disposition. It grips prey in its two sets of jaws and tears them apart with raw power.

Elektrike
Friction between the air and its fur produces static electricity. When Electrike runs, it makes a crackling sound.

Manectric
Manectric can be found beneath unnatural thunderclouds. People say it can run at the same speed as lightning striking.

Manectric - Mega
Mega Evolution fills its body with a tremendous amount of electricity, but it’s too much for Manectric to fully control.

Carvanha
They’re such cowards that they won’t hunt alone. When five or so of them get together, they suddenly turn ferocious!

Sharpedo
People believe that carrying one of its discarded fangs will prevent mishaps at sea, so the fangs are made into accessories.

Sharpedo - Mega
The yellow patterns it bears are old scars. The energy from Mega Evolution runs through them, causing it sharp pain and suffering.

Wailmer
It swims along with its mouth open and swallows down seawater along with its food. It sprays excess water out of its nostrils.

Wailord
They eat so many fish Pokémon that when Wailord become too numerous, fishermen have to chase them off.

Torkoal
You can tell how it’s feeling by the smoke spouting from its shell. Tremendous velocity is a sign of good health.

Spinda
Its steps are shaky and stumbling. Walking for a long time makes it feel sick.

Trapinch
Its jaws are strong enough to crush rocks but so heavy that it can’t get up if it flips over. Sandile seize those moments as their chance.

Vibrava
It vibrates its wings to generate ultrasonic waves, causing its prey to faint. Then it buries the prey alive in the sand to preserve it.

Flygon
By flapping their wings, Flygon cause sandstorms that conceal Krookodile. The team then splits the prey they catch.

Barboach
Its entire body is gooey. When pecked at by bird Pokémon, it slips and slides its way to freedom.

Whiscash
Whiscash shakes the ground at high intensities to intimidate its opponents. It swallows its prey whole; along with mud from the swamp floor.

Corphish
Individuals that have been set free by Trainers who could no longer raise them have become common, and they can now be found in Alola.

Crawdaunt
Its temperament is rough and it loves to fight, but as soon as its pincers break off, it turns cowardly. It stays timid until they grow back.

Baltoy
Depictions of Pokémon similar to Baltoy have been found on the walls of caves where primitive humans lived.

Claydol
If it gets wet, its body melts. When rain starts to fall, it wraps its whole body up with its psychic powers to protect itself.

Lileep
In ancient times, it lived in warm seas. It disguised itself as seaweed to ambush its prey and devoured them whole when they got close.

Cradily
Normally, it lived on shallow sea shoals. When the tide went out, this Pokémon came up on land to search for prey.

Anorith
When restored Anorith are released into the ocean, they don’t thrive, because the water composition has changed since their era.

Armaldo
It lived on land and went out into the sea to hunt for prey. Its sharp claws were its greatest weapon.

Feebas
They look ragged, so no one catches them. They look like they’d taste bad, so predators won’t eat them. And their numbers continue to grow.

Milotic
While Milotic is said to be the most beautiful Pokémon, Trainers who like Feebas and have raised it are seemingly disappointed by Milotic.

Castform
Although its form changes with the weather, that is apparently the result of a chemical reaction and not the result of its own free will.

Castform(Sunny)
This is the form Castform takes on bright days. In an experiment where Castform was placed in front of a heater, it didn’t change to this form.

Castform(Rainy)
Castform changes to this form when rain hits it. Its body is soft and slightly swollen with water.

Castform(Snowy)
This is the form Castform takes when hit by hail. In an experiment where it was placed in a freezer, it didn’t change to this form.

Kecleon
It changes its hue to blend into its surroundings. If no one takes notice of it for too long, it will pout and never reveal itself.

Shuppet
It eats up emotions like malice, jealousy, and resentment, so some people are grateful for its presence.

Banette
It’s a stuffed toy that was thrown away and became possessed, ever searching for the one who threw it away so it can exact its revenge.

Banette - Mega
Extraordinary energy amplifies its cursing power to such an extent that it can’t help but curse its own Trainer.

Tropius
The bunches of fruit growing around the necks of Tropius in Alola are especially sweet compared to those in other regions.

Absol
The only thing unlucky about Absol is its appearance. It protects fields and warns people of disaster, so one ought to be grateful for it.

Absol - Mega
Normally, it dislikes fighting, so it really hates changing to this form for battles.

Snorunt
It feeds mainly on ice and snow. It’s only able to survive in a limited number of places in the warm Alola region.

Glalie
It freezes its prey and chews them whole. However, it prefers to eat Pokémon like Vanillite that are already frozen.

Glalie - Mega
When it spews stupendously cold air from its broken mouth, the entire area around it gets whited out.

Clamperl
Despite its appearance, it’s carnivorous. It clamps down on its prey with both sides of its shell and doesn’t let go until they stop moving.

Huntail
It’s not the strongest swimmer. It wags its tail to lure in its prey and then gulps them down as soon as they get close.

Gorebyss
The color of its body changes with the water temperature. The coloration of Gorebyss in Alola is almost blindingly vivid.

Relicanth
Thought to have gone extinct, Relicanth was given a name that is a variation of the name of the person who discovered it.

Luvdisc
There was an era when it was overfished due to the rumor that having one of its heart-shaped scales would enable you to find a sweetheart.

Bagon
Whenever it sees bird Pokémon flying through the sky, it becomes envious and smashes its surroundings to bits with headbutts.

Shelgon
The cells within its body are changing at a bewildering pace. Its hard shell is made from the same substance as bone.

Salamence
Overjoyed at finally being able to fly, it flies all over the place and usually doesn’t land until it’s completely exhausted and needs to sleep.

Salamence - Mega
The stress of its two proud wings becoming misshapen and stuck together because of strong energy makes it go on a rampage.

Beldum
Instead of blood, magnetism flows through its body. When it’s feeling bad, try giving it a magnet.

Metang
With its two brains, it fires powerful psychic energy to stop its prey in their tracks.

Metagross
It boasts not only psychic powers but also fantastic strength. It grabs its prey with its four legs and holds them in place with its claws.

Metagross - Mega
Its intellect surpasses its previous level, resulting in battles so cruel, they’ll make you want to cover your eyes.

Cranidos
A primeval Pokémon, it possesses a hard and sturdy skull, lacking any intelligence within.

Rampardos
In ancient times, people would dig up fossils of this Pokémon and use its skull, which is harder than steel, to make helmets.

Shieldon
A mild-mannered, herbivorous Pokémon, it used its face to dig up tree roots to eat. The skin on its face was plenty tough.

Bastiodon
The bones of its face are huge and hard, so they were mistaken for its spine until after this Pokémon was successfully restored.

Shellos(West)
While they normally live in the sea, they can function on land, too, until their skin dries out.

Shellow(East)
When it senses danger, it gushes a purple liquid. Some theories suggest this liquid is a greasy sweat induced by stress.

Gastrodon(West)
Long ago, it had a shell on its back. There’s now a vestigial plate on its back that’s hard but thin.

Gastrodon(East)
When it’s attacked, it gushes a purple liquid that’s not poisonous but makes Gastrodon’s meat bitter and inedible.

Ambipom
In their search for comfortable trees, they get into territorial disputes with groups of Passimian. They win about half the time.

Drifloon
Its round body is stuffed with souls and expands each time it leads someone away.

Drifblim
There’s a rumor that if you catch a Drifblim floating on the wind at dusk, you’ll be carried away to the afterlife.

Buneary
Its arms and legs are weak, but when it rolls its ears up tight and then unleashes them with its full force, it can smash boulders to dust.

Lopunny
Lopunny regrows its coat twice a year. Mufflers and hats made from its fur are really warm.

Lopunny - Mega
It swings its ears like whips and strikes its enemies with them. It has an intensely combative disposition.

Mismagius
Feared for its wrath and the curses it spreads, this Pokémon will also, on a whim, cast spells that help people.

Honchkrow
It will absolutely not forgive failure from or betrayal by its goons. It has no choice in this if it wants to maintain the order of the flock.

Bonsly
It discharges moisture from its eyes, making it look like it’s crying; apparently an effective way of getting enemies to let down their guard.

Mime Jr.
It does its absolute best to mimic the movements and expressions of its opponents, but it’s still not very good at it.

Happiny
Usually it’s a well-behaved Pokémon, but if you take its round rock away, it will cry and fuss and throw a big old tantrum.

Gible
It reacts to anything that moves; flies right at it and bites it. Sometimes it injures itself, but it doesn’t care too much.

Gabite
It loves shiny things. When it finds a Sableye trying to catch a Carbink, Gabite becomes furiously angry and attacks the Sableye.

Garchomp
It flies at the speed of sound while searching for prey, and it has midair battles with Salamence as the two compete for food.

Garchomp - Mega
Its arms and wings melted into something like scythes. Mad with rage, it rampages on and on.

Munchlax
It hides food under its long fur, but it sometimes forgets about it and causes a stinky disturbance.

Riolu
It knows how people and Pokémon feel by looking at their auras. It doesn’t approach dangerous opponents.

Lucario
It concentrates its mental energy and fires off mysterious waves called auras, which can crush boulders of large size to dust.

Lucario - Mega
Its aura has expanded due to Mega Evolution. Governed only by its combative instincts, it strikes enemies without mercy.

Finneon
When night falls, their pink patterns begin to shine. They’re popular with divers, so there are resorts that feed them to keep them close.

Lumineon
Deep down at the bottom of the ocean, prey is scarce. Lumineon get into fierce disputes with Lanturn over food.

Mantyke
It’s highly friendly and easily tamed. Tours that take people swimming with Mantyke are a super-popular beach activity.

Weavile
One Weavile will trip a Sandshrew and flip it over, and then another Weavile will deal the finishing blow with its sharp claws.

Magnezone
It uses radar to monitor its territory. Intruders are quickly disposed of with a hyper beam.

Lickilicky
A contest is under way to determine which one can stick its tongue out the farthest. The current record is…more than 82 feet.

Electivire
It grips its tail, which spews electricity, and then beats down opponents with the power of its electrified fist.

Magmortar
There are still quite a few factories that rely on the flames provided by Magmortar to process metals.

Leafeon
Although it doesn’t like disputes, it will sharpen the leaf on its tail into a blade and fight if it has to protect its friends.

Glaceon
It protects itself by freezing its fur into sharp needles. It can drop its body temperature below -75 degrees Fahrenheit.

Porygon-Z
Its behavior is noticeably unstable, which is apparently due to the incompetence of the engineer who updated its programming.

Probopass
Although it can control its units known as Mini-Noses, they sometimes get lost and don’t come back.

Froslass
It freezes hikers who have come to climb snowy mountains and carries them back to its home. It only goes after men it thinks are handsome.

Lillipup
This Pokémon has excellent judgment. If it decides it can’t defeat an opponent, it immediately turns tail and vamooses.

Herdier
The longer its black fur grows, the harder and more impervious it gets. Claws and fangs can’t easily penetrate it.

Stoutland
It pays no mind to the cold, thanks to its long warm coat. Stoutland in Alola look a little uncomfortable.

Roggenrola
The hexagonal hole is its ear. Deep in that ear is an energy core, so if you stick your hand in there, Roggenrola will be very angry!

Boldore
The energy overflowing from its body has turned into orange crystals that are hard enough to smash diamonds.

Gigalith
When it fires off energy with all its might, the power creates countless fissures on its body.

Cottonee
To protect itself, it shoots cotton from its body. When it gets wet in the rain, its cotton grows moist and heavy, and it can’t move as well.

Whimsicott
This nuisance sneaks into people’s homes, where it hides important things and scatters cotton all over the place.

Petilil
Some say if you dry the leaves on its head, boil them down, and drink the infusion, your vigor will return, so Petilil is popular with the elderly.

Lilligant
The fragrance of its flower differs slightly depending on the soil where it grew up. Sniffing the aroma calms your heart and mind.

Basculin(Red Stripe)
Savage, violent Pokémon, red and blue Basculin are always fighting each other over territory.

Basculin(Blue Stripe)
Even Basculin, which devours everything it can with its huge jaws, is nothing more than food to organisms stronger than itself.

Sandile
Alola, where it’s warm all year round, is a comfortable environment for this Pokémon. Sometimes you’ll even see it outside of deserts.

Krokorok
Krokorok really hates it when its body gets cold. On nights when the temperature drops, it digs deep into the desert sands.

Krookodile
When it spots prey, even at a distance of over 30 miles, it swims through the desert as if it were water, then jumps out and chomps them.

Scraggy
They move in small groups, walking around lazily. Anyone who makes eye contact gets smacked with a headbutt.

Scrafty
This Pokémon may be rude, but it takes very good care of its family, its friends, and its turf.

Tirtouga
It was restored from an ancient fossil. Tirtouga lived in the sea but came up onto the land to search for prey.

Carracosta
Its jaws are terrifyingly powerful. It could eat Omastar and Omanyte whole and not be bothered in the slightest by their shells.

Archen
Once thought to be the ancestor of all bird Pokémon, some of the latest research suggests that may not be the case.

Archeops
This ancient Pokémon’s plumage is delicate, so if anyone other than an experienced professional tries to restore it, they will fail.

Trubbish
Poisonous gas leaks out of it when it breathes. Muk that catch a whiff of that stench will come drooling.

Garbodor
It locks opponents in place with its left hand, immobilizing them by entirely dousing their bodies with poisonous liquid.

Zorua
This Pokémon has a cowardly disposition, so when it’s not around friends, it basically always stays transformed as something else.

Zoroark
It doesn’t just transform itself, it also has the power to make hundreds of people see its illusions.

Minccino
A clean freak that will not allow even the slightest mess, it uses its tail like a mop to thoroughly clean any and all filth.

Cinccino
The white parts of its coat are covered in an oil secreted from its body, so this Pokémon can slide right away from its enemies’ attacks.

Vanillite
It exhales cold air that is at -58 degrees Fahrenheit. When it’s in a warm place, it shrinks little by little.

Vanillish
It sprays its enemies with grains of ice to freeze them. Most Vanillish in Alola are smaller than average.

Vanilluxe
It blasts blizzards from its two mouths. It can create snow anywhere, so it gets a lot of love from skiers and snowboarders.

Emolga
They store up electricity to fly through the air. When thunder cracks at night, sometimes there are almost enough of them to blot out the sky.

Frillish
It wraps its veillike arms and legs around prey swimming by and drags them down to the depths of the ocean.

Jellicent
Jellicent is always hanging around fancy cruise ships and tankers, hoping to drag away its prey.

Alomomola
Fishermen take them along on long voyages, because if you have an Alomomola with you, there’ll be no need for a doctor or medicine.

Elgyem
It controls tremendous psychic power. Most reports of alien sightings are actually just people mistaking Elgyem for an alien.

Beheeyem
With its psychic powers, it rewrites its opponents’ memories. You, too, may have already had your memories rewritten.

Mienfoo
They can often be seen in packs in the morning, slowly moving their bodies through a series of poses.

Mienshao
It overwhelms its opponents with continuous attacks and then slowly stores up power before delivering the finishing blow.

Druddigon
The red skin on its face is harder than rock. In narrow caves, it squares off against its enemies and charges face-first right into them.

Golett
Its movements are powered by a mysterious energy. It has continued to move since ancient times, so its power may soon run out.

Golurk
Some say that ancient people invented Golurk to serve as a laborer. It follows its master’s orders faithfully.

Pawniard
After shredding its prey, it sharpens its blades on a stone by the river. Each Pawniard has its own favorite sharpening stone.

Bisharp
No matter how strong the Bisharp, it’s said that if the blade on its head is chipped, it will retire from its position as the boss.

Rufflet
With its powerful legs and sturdy claws, it can crack even the hard shells of Shellder and pluck out their insides.

Braviary
The more scars it has on its front, the more heroic it’s considered to be. Those with many scars on their back are mocked by the flock.

Vullaby
Mandibuzz gives it the bones it wears. Vullaby’s wings are short, so it can’t fly yet, but it jumps around, dreaming of wide open skies.

Mandibuzz
It skillfully arranges the bones of its prey to construct its nest. Most of the bones are Cubone.

Larvesta
When battling opponents, it sprays fire from its five horns. The max temperature of the flames can reach nearly 5,500 degrees Fahrenheit.

Volcarona
As it flies, it scatters its flaming scales. It was feared by ancient people, who referred to it as “the rage of the sun”

Fletchling
While it’s an amiable Pokémon, if you touch it unexpectedly, it will heat up its body in an instant, and you’ll be burned.

Fletchinder
It scatters embers in the tall grass. Then bug Pokémon, frightened by the flames, come flying out, and Fletchinder gobbles them up.

Talonflame
Its tough wings don’t allow fire to pass through them. A long time ago, firefighters’ outfits were made from Talonflame wings.

Litleo
When they’re young, they live with a pride. Once they’re able to hunt prey on their own, they’re kicked out and have to make their own way.

Pyroar
The males are usually lazy, but when attacked by a strong foe, a male will protect its friends with no regard for its own safety.

Flabébé
It’s not safe without the power of a flower, but it will keep traveling around until it finds one with the color and shape it wants.

Floette
It raises flowers and uses them as weapons. The more gorgeous the blossom, the more power it contains.

Floette(Eternal Flower)
The flower itâ€™s holding can no longer be found blooming anywhere. Itâ€™s also thought to contain terrifying power.

Florges
It controls the flowers it grows. The petal blizzards that Florges triggers are overwhelming in their beauty and power.

Pancham
It follows Pangoro around like a henchman. When Pancham makes a big mistake, its leaf gets taken away.

Pangoro
This rowdy Pokémon boasts great physical strength. Many Trainers are also smitten by its lively character.

Furfrou
There was an era when aristocrats would compete to see who could trim their Furfrou’s fur into the most exquisite style.

Inkay
It draws prey near with its blinking lights and then wraps them up in its long tentacles and holds them in place.

Malamar
When it comes to strong hypnosis, there’s an endless number of people who utilize Malamar for their nefarious deeds.

Skrelp
It vanishes into seaweed and remains perfectly still to avoid attacks from large Pokémon. Rotten seaweed is its main food source.

Dragalge
This vicious Pokémon sprays a poisonous liquid on opponents that come near. For whatever reason, it gets along really well with Dhelmise.

Clauncher
Its claws occasionally fall off, and it keeps a low profile until they grow back. The meat of its claws is so delicious!

Clawitzer
It compresses the water it has sucked up and then projects it with enough power to punch a hole right through a thick sheet of iron.

Tyrunt
Its large jaw has incredible destructive power. Some theories suggest that its restored form is different from its form of long ago.

Tyrantrum
Complete restoration is impossible, allowing room for theories that its entire body was once covered in a feather-like coat.

Amaura
It lived in cold areas in ancient times. It’s said that when Amaura whinnies, auroras appear in the night sky.

Aurorus
An Aurorus was found frozen solid within a glacier, just as it appeared long ago, which became quite a big event in the news.

Sylveon
Once a fight breaks out, it will unflinchingly charge at dragon Pokémon that are many times larger than itself.

Hawlucha
It overwhelms opponents with quick moves, but sometimes it showboats for too long when it’s using a special move and gets itself into a pinch.

Dedenne
It sneaks into people’s homes and steals electricity from their outlets. When your electric bill seems off, it’s the handiwork of this rascal.

Carbink
Some say that deep beneath the surface of the world, a pack of Carbink live with their queen in a kingdom of jewels.

Goomy
It uses its horns to check out its surroundings. They’re very sensitive, so if you grab them, it will feel a strong shock and be unable to move.

Sliggoo
It crawls along sluggishly. The swirly protrusion on its back is filled with its brain and other organs.

Goodra
It’s very friendly toward people. If you grow close to it, Goodra will hug you with its sticky, slime-covered body. Don’t get mad.

Klefki
Although it’s unclear why it collects keys, giving it a key makes Klefki very happy. However, it apparently only likes master keys.

Phantump
By imitating the voice of a child, it causes people to get hopelessly lost deep in the forest. It’s trying to make friends with them.

Trevenant
It’s feared as a ghost of the forest. Lumberjacks bring along Fire types, which Trevenant hates, when they enter the forest.

Noibat
Fruits are its favorite foods. This gourmet carefully picks out just the ripe ones using its sonar.

Noivern
Although it has a violent disposition, if you give it a nice ripe fruit that it loves, Noivern will suddenly become tame.

Zygarde(10%)
This is Zygarde when about 10% of its pieces have been assembled. It leaps at its opponent’s chest and sinks its sharp fangs into them.

Zygarde(50%)
This is Zygarde’s form when about half of its pieces have been assembled. It plays the role of monitoring the ecosystem.

Zygarde(Complete)
This is Zygarde’s perfected form. From the orifice on its chest, it radiates high-powered energy that eliminates everything.

Rowlet
It sends its feathers, which are as sharp as blades, flying in attack. Its legs are strong, so its kicks are also formidable.

Dartrix
This narcissistic Pokémon is a clean freak. If you don’t groom it diligently, it will stop listening to you.

Decidueye
It nocks its arrow quills and shoots them at opponents. When it simply can’t afford to miss, it tugs the vine on its head to improve its focus.

Litten
If you try too hard to get close to it, it won’t open up to you. Even if you do grow close, giving it too much affection is still a no-no.

Torracat
It can act spoiled if it grows close to its Trainer. A powerful Pokémon, its sharp claws can leave its Trainer’s whole body covered in scratches.

Incineroar
Although it’s rough mannered and egotistical, it finds beating down unworthy opponents boring. It gets motivated for stronger opponents.

Popplio
The balloons it inflates with its nose grow larger and larger as it practices day by day.

Brionne
It gets excited when it sees a dance it doesn’t know. This hard worker practices diligently until it can learn that dance.

Primarina
To Primarina, every battle is a stage. It takes down its prey with beautiful singing and dancing.

Pikipek
It pecks at trees with its hard beak. You can get some idea of its mood or condition from the rhythm of its pecking.

Trumbeak
It can bend the tip of its beak to produce over a hundred different cries at will.

Toucannon
They smack beaks with others of their kind to communicate. The strength and number of hits tell each other how they feel.

Yungoos
Its stomach takes up most of its long torso. It’s a big eater, so the amount Trainers have to spend on its food is no laughing matter.

Gumshoos
Although it wasn’t originally found in Alola, this Pokémon was brought over a long time ago when there was a huge Rattata outbreak.

Grubbin
If you find its nest, you shouldn’t stick your hand inside. You’ll get bitten by an irritated Grubbin.

Charjabug
It buries itself in fallen leaves and barely moves, munching away on humus. If you accidentally step on one, you’ll get a shock!

Vikavolt
It has an organ that generates electricity in its abdomen. It concentrates energy in its strong jaws and fires off powerful jolts of electricity.

Crabrawler
Its hard pincers are well suited to both offense and defense. Fights between two Crabrawler are like boxing matches.

Crabominable
It stores coldness in its pincers and pummels its foes. It can even smash thick walls of ice to bits!

Oricorio(Baile)
It wins the hearts of its enemies with its passionate dancing and then uses the opening it creates to burn them up with blazing flames.

Oricorio(Pom-Pom)
It lifts its opponents’ spirits with its cheerful dance moves. When they let their guard down, it electrocutes them with a jolt.

Oricorio(Pa’u)
It relaxes its opponents with its elegant dancing. When they let their guard down, it showers them with psychic energy.

Oricorio(Sensu)
It charms its opponents with its refined dancing. When they let their guard down, it places a curse on them that will bring on their demise.

Cutiefly
Nectar and pollen are its favorite fare. In fields of flowers, it gets into skirmishes with Butterfree over food.

Ribombee
Rain makes pollen damp, so Ribombee hates rain. When it sees ominous clouds, it finds a hollow in a tree, where it waits stock-still.

Rockruff
As they develop, their disposition grows more violent and aggressive. Many Trainers find them too much to handle and abandon them.

Lycanroc(Midday)
The sharp rocks in its mane can cut like knives. Lycanroc wears its prey down by degrees before finishing them off.

Lycanroc(Midnight)
It has no problem ignoring orders it doesn’t like. It doesn’t seem to mind getting hurt at all – as long as it can finish off its opponent.

Lycanroc(Dusk)
Bathed in the setting sun of evening, Lycanroc has undergone a special kind of evolution. An intense fighting spirit underlies its calmness.

Whishiwashi(Solo)
They’re weak, so they move in schools. However, they can also often be seen all alone, having strayed from the school.

Wishiwashi(School)
Wishiwashi assemble in this formation to face off against strong foes. It boasts a strength that earned it the name “demon of the sea.”

Mareanie
They eat Corsola branches, so Mareanie are hated by craftsmen who work with Corsola branches that have naturally fallen off.

Toxapex
To attack, this Pokémon sends toxic spikes flying at its enemies. Ones that come close get mown down by the claws on its feet.

Mudbray
It loves playing in the mud. If it isn’t showered with mud on a daily basis, it gets stressed out and stops listening to its Trainer.

Mudsdale
It remains calm and unmoving no matter the situation. It mixes dirt with the saliva in its mouth to make a special kind of mud.

Dewpider
When two Dewpider meet, they display their water bubbles to each other. Then the one with the smaller bubble gets out of the other’s way.

Araquanid
It usually passes its time in the water. When its belly is full, it stores its subdued prey in the water bubble on its head.

Fomantis
When the sun rises, Fomantis spreads its four leaves and bathes in the sunlight. The tip of its head has a pleasant aroma.

Lurantis
For self-protection, it pretends to be a bug Pokémon. Both of its arms bear keen-edged petals.

Morelull
It scatters its shining spores around itself. Even though they’re dangerous, nighttime tours of forests where Morelull live are popular.

Shiinotic
It puts its prey to sleep and siphons off their vitality through the tip of its arms. If one of its kind is weakened, it helps by sending it vitality.

Salandit
The males will do whatever the females tell them. They give the females most of their food. Due to malnutrition, the males can’t evolve.

Salazzle
Salazzle lives deep in caves and forces the Salandit it has attracted with its pheromones to serve it.

Stufful
It boasts power enough to split large trees in half. The organ on its rear releases an odor that it uses to communicate with others of its kind.

Bewear
It waves its hands wildly in intimidation and warning. Life is over for anyone who doesn’t run away as fast as possible.

Bounsweet
Because of its sweet, delicious aroma, bird Pokémon are always after it, but it’s not intelligent enough to care.

Steenee
It’s protected by its hard sepals, so it plays with bird Pokémon without worry. They peck it relentlessly, but it doesn’t care.

Tsareena
A master of grand and beautiful kicks, it can knock out even kickboxing champions with a single blow.

Comfey
It stretches sticky vines out from its head and picks flowers to adorn itself with. When it doesn’t have any flowers, it feels uneasy.

Oranguru
It normally spends its time meditating in the treetops. It throws Poké Balls and gives other Pokémon orders as it pleases.

Passimian
They use their saliva to stick leaves to their shoulders. You can tell what troop they belong to from the position of the leaves.

Wimpod
It will pick up anything it finds on the ground. Sometimes it finds coins, so Murkrow and Meowth will go after it.

Golisopod
The shell covering its body is as hard as diamond. This Pokémon will do anything it takes to win.

Sandygast
It likes the shovel on its head, so Sandygast will get serious and fight any children who come to take it back.

Palossand
Each of its grains of sand has its own will. Palossand eats small Pokémon and siphons away their vital essence while they’re still alive.

Pyukumuku
The tradition known as Pyukumuku chucking started from the custom of throwing Pyukumuku back into the sea after they wash onshore.

Type:Null
A Pokémon weapon developed for a specific mission, it went berserk during an experiment, so it was cryogenically frozen.

Silvally
This is its form once it has awakened and evolved. Freed from its heavy mask, its speed is greatly increased.

Silvally(Disc)
Having been awakened successfully, it can change its type and battle – just like a certain Pokémon depicted in legends.
Minior(Meteor)
It lives in the ozone layer, where it becomes food for stronger Pokémon. When it tries to run away, it falls to the ground.
Minior(Core, all)
Places where Minior fall from the night sky are few and far between, with Alola being one of the precious few.
Komala
It stays asleep from the moment it’s born. When it falls into a deep sleep, it stops moving altogether.
Turtonator
It lives in volcanoes and eats sulfur and other minerals. Materials from the food it eats form the basis of its explosive shell.
Togedemaru
When it’s surprised or agitated, the 14 fur spikes on its back will stand up involuntarily.

Mimikyu
Although it’s a quiet, lonely Pokémon, if you try to look at what’s under its rag, it will become agitated and resist violently.

Mimikyu(Busted)
It stands in front of a mirror, trying to fix its broken neck as if its life depended on it. It has a hard time getting it right, so it’s crying inside.

Bruxish
It burrows beneath the sand, radiating psychic power from the protuberance on its head. It waits for prey as it surveys the area.

Drampa
If a child it has made friends with is bullied, Drampa will find the bully’s house and burn it to the ground.

Dhelmise
It wraps its prey in green seaweed and sucks away their vitality. It only likes to go after big prey like Wailord.

Jangmo-o
It smacks the scales on its head against rocks or against the ground to frighten its opponents. It can also contact its friends with these noises.

Hakamo-o
It makes noise by clanging its scales together. When the rhythm has reached its peak, Hakamo-o attacks.

Kommo-o
When it howls after finishing off its prey, the metallic sounds of its celebrating comrades can be heard from all around.

Tapu Koko
Although it’s called a guardian deity, if a person or Pokémon puts it in a bad mood, it will become a malevolent deity and attack.

Tapu Lele
It heals the wounds of people and Pokémon by sprinkling them with its sparkling scales. This guardian deity is worshiped on Akala.

Tapu Bulu
Although it’s called a guardian deity, it’s violent enough to crush anyone it sees as an enemy.

Tapu Fini
This guardian deity of Poni Island manipulates water. Because it lives deep within a thick fog, it came to be both feared and revered.

Cosmog
Even though its helpless, gaseous body can be blown away by the slightest breeze, it doesn’t seem to care.

Cosmoem
The king who ruled Alola in times of antiquity called it the “cocoon of the stars” and built an altar to worship it.

Solgaleo
Sometimes the result of its opening an Ultra Wormhole is that energy and life-forms from other worlds are called here to this world.

Lunala
Records of it exist in writings from long, long ago, where it was known by the name “the beast that calls the moon.”

Nihilego
A life-form from another world, it was dubbed a UB and is thought to produce a strong neurotoxin.

Buzzwole
Although it’s alien to this world and a danger here, it’s apparently a common organism in the world where it normally lives.

Pheromoza
A life-form that lives in another world, its body is thin and supple, but it also possesses great power.

Xurkitree
Although it’s alien to this world and a danger here, it’s apparently a common organism in the world where it normally lives.

Celesteela
One of the dangerous UBs, high energy readings can be detected coming from both of its huge arms.

Kartana
This Ultra Beast’s body, which is as thin as paper, is like a sharpened sword.

Guzzlord
Although it’s alien to this world and a danger here, it’s apparently a common organism in the world where it normally lives.

Necrozma
It looks somehow pained as it rages around in search of light, which serves as its energy. It’s apparently from another world.

Necrozma(Dusk Mane)
This is its form while it is devouring the light of Solgaleo. It pounces on foes and then slashes them with the claws on its four limbs and back.

Necrozma(Dawn Wings)
Lunala no longer has a will of its own. Now under the control of Necrozma, it continuously expels all of its energy.

Necrozma(Ultra)
This is its form when it has absorbed overwhelming light energy. It fires laser beams from all over its body.

Magearna
It synchronizes its consciousness with others to understand their feelings. This faculty makes it useful for taking care of people.

Magearna(Original Color)
This is its form from almost 500 years ago. Its body is nothing more than a container; its artificial heart is the actual life-form.

Marshadow
It slips into the shadows of others and mimics their powers and movements. As it improves, it becomes stronger than those it’s imitating.

Poipole
This Ultra Beast is well enough liked to be chosen as a first partner in its own world.

Naganadel
It stores hundreds of liters of poisonous liquid inside its body. It is one of the organisms known as UBs.

Stakatakea
It appeared from an Ultra Wormhole. Each one appears to be made up of many life-forms stacked one on top of each other.

Blacephalon
It slithers toward people. Then, without warning, it triggers the explosion of its own head. It’s apparently one kind of Ultra Beast.

Zeraora
It electrifies its claws and tears its opponents apart with them. Even if they dodge its attack, they’ll be electrocuted by the flying sparks.

Charizard - GMAX
- This colossal, flame-winged figure of a Charizard was brought about by Gigantamax energy.
- The flame inside its body burns hotter than 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit. When Charizard roars, that temperature climbs even higher.

Butterfree - GMAX
- Crystallized Gigantamax energy makes up this Pokémon’s blindingly bright and highly toxic scales.
- Once it has opponents trapped in a tornado that could blow away a 10-ton truck, it finishes them off with its poisonous scales.

Pikachu - GMAX
- Its Gigantamax power expanded, forming its supersized body and towering tail.
- When it smashes its opponents with its bolt- shaped tail, it delivers a surge of electricity equivalent to a lightning strike.

Meowth - GMAX
- The pattern that has appeared on its giant coin is thought to be the key to unlocking the secrets of the Dynamax phenomenon.
- Its body has grown incredibly long and the coin on its forehead has grown incredibly large—all thanks to Gigantamax power.

Machamp - GMAX
- The Gigantamax energy coursing through its arms makes its punches hit as hard as bomb blasts.
- One of these Pokémon once used its immeasurable strength to lift a large ship that was in trouble. It then carried the ship to port.

Gengar - GMAX
- Rumor has it that its gigantic mouth leads not into its body, filled with cursed energy, but instead directly to the afterlife.
- It lays traps, hoping to steal the lives of those it catches. If you stand in front of its mouth, you’ll hear your loved ones’ voices calling out to you.

Kingler - GMAX
- The flow of Gigantamax energy has spurred this Pokémon’s left pincer to grow to an enormous size. That claw can pulverize anything.
- The bubbles it spews out are strongly alkaline. Any opponents hit by them will have their bodies quickly melted away.

Lapras - GMAX
- Over 5,000 people can ride on its shell at once. And it’s a very comfortable ride, without the slightest shaking or swaying.
- It surrounds itself with a huge ring of gathered ice particles. It uses the ring to smash any icebergs that might impede its graceful swimming.

Eevee - GMAX
- Gigantamax energy upped the fluffiness of the fur around Eevee’s neck. The fur will envelop a foe, capturing its body and captivating its mind.
- Having gotten even friendlier and more innocent, Eevee tries to play with anyone around, only to end up crushing them with its immense body.

Snorlax - GMAX
- Gigantamax energy has affected stray seeds and even pebbles that got stuck to Snorlax, making them grow to a huge size.
- Terrifyingly strong, this Pokémon is the size of a mountain—and moves about as much as one as well.

Garbodor - GMAX
- Due to Gigantamax energy, this Pokémon’s toxic gas has become much thicker, congealing into masses shaped like discarded toys.
- It sprays toxic gas from its mouth and fingers. If the gas engulfs you, the toxins will seep in all the way down to your bones.

Melmetal - GMAX
- In a distant land, there are legends about a cyclopean giant. In fact, the giant was a Melmetal that was flooded with Gigantamax energy.
- It can send electric beams streaking out from the hole in its belly. The beams’ tremendous energy can vaporize an opponent in one shot.

Corviknight - GMAX
- Imbued with Gigantamax energy, its wings can whip up winds more forceful than any a hurricane could muster. The gusts blow everything away.
- The eight feathers on its back are called blade birds, and they can launch off its body to attack foes independently.

Orbeetle - GMAX
- Its brain has grown to a gargantuan size, as has the rest of its body. This Pokémon’s intellect and psychic abilities are overpowering.
- If it were to utilize every last bit of its power, it could control the minds of every living being in its vicinity.

Drednaw - GMAX
- It responded to Gigantamax energy by becoming bipedal. First it comes crashing down on foes, and then it finishes them off with its massive jaws.
- In the Galar region, there’s a tale about this Pokémon chewing up a mountain and using the rubble to stop a flood.

Coalossal - GMAX
- Its body is a colossal stove. With Gigantamax energy stoking the fire, this Pokémon’s flame burns hotter than 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit.
- When Galar was hit by a harsh cold wave, this Pokémon served as a giant heating stove and saved many lives.

Flapple - GMAX
- Under the influence of Gigantamax energy, it produces much more sweet nectar, and its shape has changed to resemble a giant apple.
- If it stretches its neck, the strong aroma of its nectar pours out. The scent is so sickeningly sweet that one whiff makes other Pokémon faint.

Appletun - GMAX
- It blasts its opponents with massive amounts of sweet, sticky nectar, drowning them under the deluge.
- Due to Gigantamax energy, this Pokémon’s nectar has thickened. The increased viscosity lets the nectar absorb more damage than before.

Sandaconda - GMAX
- Its sand pouch has grown to tremendous proportions. More than 1,000,000 tons of sand now swirl around its body.
- Sand swirls around its body with such speed and power that it could pulverize a skyscraper.

Toxtricity - GMAX
- Its excessive electric energy is its weapon. This Pokémon can build up more electricity than any thundercloud.
- Out of control after its own poison penetrated its brain, it tears across the land in a rampage, contaminating the earth with toxic sweat.

Centiskorch - GMAX
- Gigantamax energy has evoked a rise in its body temperature, now reaching over 1,800 degrees Fahrenheit. Its heat waves incinerate its enemies.
- The heat that comes off a Gigantamax Centiskorch may destabilize air currents. Sometimes it can even cause storms.

Hatterene - GMAX
- This Pokémon can read the emotions of creatures over 30 miles away. The minute it senses hostility, it goes on the attack.

- Beams like lightning shoot down from its tentacles. It’s known to some as the Raging Goddess.

Grimmsnarl - GMAX
- By transforming its leg hair, this Pokémon delivers power-packed drill kicks that can bore huge holes in Galar’s terrain.
- Gigantamax energy has caused more hair to sprout all over its body. With the added strength, it can jump over the world’s tallest building.

Alcremie - GMAX
- Cream pours endlessly from this Pokémon’s body. The cream stiffens when compressed by an impact. A harder impact results in harder cream.

- It launches swarms of missiles, each made of cream and loaded with 100,000 kilocalories. Get hit by one of these, and your head will swim.

Copperajah - GMAX
- So much power is packed within its trunk that if it were to unleash that power, the resulting blast could level mountains and change the landscape.
- After this Pokémon has Gigantamaxed, its massive nose can utterly demolish large structures with a single smashing blow.

Duraludon - GMAX
- It’s grown to resemble a skyscraper. Parts of its towering body glow due to a profusion of energy.
- The hardness of its cells is exceptional, even among Steel types. It also has a body structure that’s resistant to earthquakes.


ETERNAMAX
- As a result of (Villain name) meddling, Eternatus absorbed all the energy in the Galar region. It’s now in a state of power overload.
- Infinite amounts of energy pour from this Pokémon’s enlarged core, warping the surrounding space-time.